Everything Is Everything;Ms. Lauryn Hill;Hip-Hop;Everything is everything What is meant to be will be After winter must come spring (Must come spring) Change, it comes eventually Everything is everything What is meant to be will be (Understand that everything is everything) After winter must come spring (Must come) Change, it comes eventually   I wrote these words (I wrote these words) for everyone who struggles in their youth Who won't accept deception in, instead of what is truth (Gotta know the truth, y'all) It seems we lose the game Before we even start to play Who made these rules? (Who made these rules?) We're so confused (We're so confused) Easily led astray Let me tell ya that...  [Chorus 2] Everything is everything Everything is everything Everything is everything (Everything) After winter must come spring Everything is everything You might also like Our philosophy possibly speak tongues Beat drum, Abyssinian, street Baptist (Word) Rap this in fine linen, from the beginning (Word) My practice extending across the atlas, I begat this Flipping in the ghetto on a dirty mattress You can't match this rapper slash actress More powerful than two Cleopatras Bomb graffiti on the tomb of Nefertiti (Ooh, uh) MCs ain't ready to take it to the Serengeti My rhymes is heavy like the mind of sister Betty (El Shabazz!) L-Boogie spars with stars and constellations (What?) Then came down for a little conversation (Huh) Adjacent to the king, fear no human being Roll with cherubims to Nassau Coliseum (What?) Now hear this mixture, where Hip Hop meets scripture (Uh) Develop a negative into a positive picture  [Chorus 1] Now everything is everything (Everything, y'all, everything, y'all) What is meant to be will be (What is meant to be will be, yeah) After winter must come spring (After winter, must come spring) Change, it comes eventually (Change, it comes eventually)   Sometimes it seems we'll touch that dream (Sometimes it seems we'll touch that dream) But things come slow or not at all (They come slow, know what I mean?) And the ones on top won't make it stop (Ones on top, they won't make it stop) So convinced that they might fall Let's love ourselves and we can't fail To make a better situation (Better situation, uh-uh) Tomorrow, our seeds will grow (Tomorrow, our seeds will grow) All we need is dedication Let me tell ya that [Chorus 2] Everything is everything Everything is everything Everything is everything (Everything is everything) After winter must come spring Everything is everything (Everything is everything)  [Chorus 1] Everything is everything What is meant to be will be After winter (After winter) must come spring (Must come) Change, it comes eventually;
Doo Wop (That Thing);Ms. Lauryn Hill;Hip-Hop;Yo, 'member back on the bouley when cats used to harmonize like (Ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh) Yo, yo, my men and my women, don't forget about the deen (Ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh) The Sirat al-Mustaqim Yo, (Eheh) it's about a thing (Uh, yo, yo; ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh) If ya feel real good wavin' your hands in the air (What? What-whoah) And lick two shots in the atmosphere (Yeah, yeah) Yeah, uh-yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Put them up, put them up; yeah, yeah) Yeah, uh-yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Put them up, put them up; yeah, yeah) Uh-yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Put them up, put them up; yeah, yeah)   It's been three weeks since you were looking for your friend The one you let hit it and never called you again (Uh) 'Member when he told you he was 'bout the Benjamins? (Uh-huh, yeah) You act like you ain't hear him then give him a little trim To begin, how you think you're really gon' pretend (Pretend) Like you wasn't down and you called him again? (Called him again, friend) Plus, when you give it up so easy you ain't even foolin' him (Him) If you did it then, then you'd probably **** again Talking out your neck, sayin' you're a Christian A Muslim, sleeping with the jinn Now that was the sin that did Jezebel in Who you gon' tell when the repercussions spin? Showing off your ass 'cause you're thinking it's a trend Girlfriend, let me break it down for you again You know I only say it 'cause I'm truly genuine Don't be a hard rock when you really are a gem Baby girl, respect is just a minimum (Minimum) Ni*** **** and you still defendin' 'em (Defendin' 'em) Now, Lauryn is only human (Human) Don't think I haven't been through the same predicament (I been there) Let it sit inside your head like a million women in Philly, Penn (Philly, Penn) It's silly when girls sell their souls because it's in ('Cause it's in) Look at where you be in, hair weaves like Europeans (Europeans) Fake nails done by Koreans You might also like[Refrain] Come again Yuh, a win-win, come again A win-win, come again (Yeah, yeah) My friend, come again   Guys, you know you'd better watch out (Uh) Some girls, some girls are only about That thing, that thing, that thing That thing, that thing, that thing (Yuh, yum)   The second verse is dedicated to the men (The men) More concerned with his rims and his Timbs than his women Him and his men come in the club like hooligans Don't care who they offend, poppin' yang (Like you got yen) Let's stop pretend, the ones that pack pistols by they waist men Cristal by the case men, still in they mother's basement The pretty-face men claiming that they did a bid men Need to take care of they three or four kids And they face a court case when the child support late (The child support late) Money taking and heart breaking, now you wonder why women hate men (Why) The sneaky, silent men, the punk, domestic violence men (Why) Quick to shoot the semen, stop acting like boys and be men (Be men) How you gonna win when you ain't right within? (Be men) How you gonna win when you ain't right within? (Bredrin) How you gonna win when you ain't right within? (Be men) [Refrain] Uh-uh, come again (Uh-uh; yeah, yeah; come again) Yo-yo-yo, come again (Yeah, yeah; come again) The bredrin, come again (Yeah, yeah; come again) And sistren, come again (Yeah, yeah; come again)  [Bridge] Watch out, watch out (Bom, bom, bom) Look out, look out (Bom, bom) Watch out, watch out (Bom, bom) Look out, look out Watch out, watch out (Bom, bom, bom) Look out, look out (Bom, bom) Watch out, watch out (Bom, bom) Look out, look out   Girls, you know you'd better watch out (Uh, hahah) Some guys, some guys are only about That thing, that thing, that thing That thing, that thing, that thing Guys, you know you'd better watch out 'Cause girls, some girls are only about That thing, that thing, that thing That thing, that thing, that thing Some guys, some guys are only about that thing (Girls, you know you'd better watch out) Yuh Some guys, (Girls) some guys are only about that thing That thing, that thing, that thing (We takin' this back, yuh, haha) That thing, that thing, that thing (Takin' it back, yuh) [Skit/Outro] Class! Hey, we've got some very intelligent women here, man Do you think you're too young to really love somebody? (No! No, no, I don't think so) I say it for me, uh, I'm an adult I say, wait 'You're too young to be in love, this is silly You're infatuated or whatever, you got nice jeans You wear fancy Adidas' I mean, it might be something I don't know (It's the difference from loving somebody and being in love with somebody) Well, you tell me. What's the difference? (Okay. You can love anybody but when you're in love with somebody you're looking at it like this'you're taking that person for what he or she is no matter what he or she look like or no matter what he or she do) (You're crazy! You fall in love, you can fall out of love) (You might stop being in love with them but you are not gonna stop loving that person) (Maybe they ain't never been loved before or been in love before, they don't know what the feeling is to be loved) (She poetic) She killed it, we could end that conversation with that, right?95Embed;
Killing Me Softly With His Song;Fugees;Hip-Hop;Strumming my pain with his fingers Singing my life with his words Killing me softly with his song Killing me softly with his song Telling my whole life with his words Killing me softly with his song  [Ad-libs: Wyclef Jean & Lauryn Hill] (Ah!) Yooo! (Yeah! Yeah!) This is Wyclef, Refugee Camp (L-Boogie up in here) Pra'zrel, (Pra'zrel up in here! Ha! Ha!) Lil' Base sits up there on the base (Refugees up in here) While I'm on this... I got my girl L (Ah, ah) One time (One time), one time, (One time) Ayo, L, you know you got the lyrics  [Verse 1: Lauryn Hill] I heard he sang a good song I heard he had a style And so I came to see him And listen for a while And there he was This young boy, stranger to my eyes  [Chorus: Lauryn Hill & Wyclef Jean] Strumming my pain with his fingers (One time, one time) Singing my life with his words (Two times, two times) Killing me softly with this song Killing me softly with his song Telling my whole life with his words Killing me softly with his song You might also like[Verse 2: Lauryn Hill] I felt all flushed with fever Embarrassed by the crowd I felt he found my letters Then read each one out loud I prayed that he would finish But he just kept right on  [Chorus: Lauryn Hill & Wyclef Jean] Strumming my pain with his fingers (One time, one time) Singing my life with his words (Two times, two times) Killing me softly with his song Killing me softly with his song Telling my whole life with his words Killing me softly with his song  [Interlude: Wyclef Jean] Yo, L-Boog, take me to the bridge  [Bridge: Lauryn Hill] Woah Woah-oah-ah-ah-ah uh, uh La-la-la, la, la, la Woah, la Woah, la (Ha, ha, ha, ha) Laaaa [Chorus: Lauryn Hill] Strumming my pain with his fingers (Yes, he was singing) Yes he was singing my life with his words Killing me softly with his song Killing me softly with his song Telling my whole life with his words Killing me softly with his song Strumming my pain, yeah (Strumming my pain)  [Outro: Wyclef Jean & Lauryn Hill] Yo, put your hands together for L-Boogie from the Refugee Camp (Yeah, yeah) (Singing my life) Up in here, you know how we do, L-Boogie up in here Wyclef, Pra'zrel, said L-Boogie up in here Wyclef up in here My man Lil' Base (Pra'zrel up in here) Jerry one time (T Rocks up in here, we got Warren up in here) This is how we' (Warren up, up in here, Outsiders up here) Refugee Camp, Refugee Camp (We got Fallon up in here, Mulaney, Mulaney's up in here, we got Val' up in here)  [Skit] Everybody got a breaking point, kid, and they'll rat on you The family niggas'll rat on you That's why we gotta be prepared to take out whoever we need to (Man, motherfucker, I told you I was gonna get you next)70Embed;
Lost Ones;Ms. Lauryn Hill;Hip-Hop;It's funny how money change a situation Miscommunication lead to complication My emancipation don't fit your equation I was on the humble, you on every station Some wan' play young Lauryn like she dumb But remember not a game new under the sun Everything you did has already been done I know all the tricks from Bricks to Kingston My ting done made your kingdom wan' run Now understand, L-Boogie, non-violent But if a thing test me, run for mi gun Can't take a threat to mi new born son L been this way since creation A groupie call, you fall from temptation Now you wanna bawl over separation Tarnish my image in the conversation Who you gon' scrimmage, like you the champion? You might win some, but you just lost one  [Refrain] You might win some, but you just lost one You might win some, but you just lost one You might win some, but you just lost one You might win some, but you just lost one You might also like Now, now, how come your talk turn cold? Gained the whole world for the price of your soul Tryin' to grab hold of what you can't control Now you're all floss, what a sight to behold Wisdom is better than silver and gold I was hopeless, now I'm on Hope Road Every man wanna act like he's exempt Need to get down on his knees and repent Can't slick talk on the day of judgment Your movement's similar to a serpent Tried to play straight, how your whole style bent? Consequence is no coincidence Hypocrites always wanna play innocent Always want to take it to the full out extent Always want to make it seem like good intent Never want to face it when it time for punishment I know you don't wanna hear my opinion There come many paths and you must choose one And if you don't change then the rain soon come See, you might win some, but you just lost one  [Refrain] You might win some, but you just lost one You might win some, but you just lost one You might win some, but you just lost one You might win some, but you just lost one  You might win some, but you really lost one You just lost one, it's so silly, how come? When it's all done, did you really gain from (Gain from) What you done done? It's so silly, how come? (You done, how come?) You just lost one   Now don't you understand, man, universal law? What you throw out comes back to you, star Never underestimate those who you scar 'Cause karma, karma, karma comes back to you hard You can't hold God's people back that long The chain of Shaitan wasn't made that strong Trying to pretend like your word is your bond But until you do right, all you do will go wrong Now some might mistake this for just a simple song And some don't know what they have 'til it's gone Now even when you're gone you can still be reborn And, from the night can arrive the sweet dawn Now, some might listen and some might shun And some may think that they've reached perfection If you look closely you'll see what you've become 'Cause you might win some but you just lost one [Refrain] You might win some, but you just lost one You might win some, but you just lost one You might win some, but you just lost one You might win some, but you just lost one   You might win some, but you really lost one You just lost one, it's so silly, how come? When it's all done, did you really gain from What you done done? It's so silly, how come? You might win some, but you really lost one You just lost one, it's so silly, how come? When it's all done, did you really gain from What you done done? It's so silly, how come? You just lost one  [Outro] You just lost one, you just lost one You just lost one, you just lost one (How come, you lost one? It's so dumb) You just lost one, you just lost one You just lost one What a bam-bam!... hehehe [Skit] Teacher: Alright people, I'm gonna write something on the board. Let's spell it. First letter Class: L, O, V, E Teacher: What's that? Class: Love Teacher: What? Class: Love! Teacher: How many people know any songs about love? Class: Right here! I know a lot about love Teacher: Tell me some titles, titles of some songs Boy: Love (Laughter) Teacher: There's a song called love? Boy: Yeah! Teacher: There's no song called love! Boy: Yeah, it's by Kirk Franklin Teacher: Ok ok, how it go? Boy: It go "Love" (Laughter) Teacher: Bet, bet, okay. Anybody else know any songs about love? (Mumbling) Teacher: I can't hear you Girl: I Will Always Love You Teacher: What about any movies about love? You know any movies about love? Girl: Titanic Teacher: Alright Boy: Romeo and Juliet Teacher: You didn't know that was about love 'til you saw it on TV and they said it was about love18Embed;
Nappy Heads - Remix;Fugees;Hip-Hop;Yo Mona Lisa, could I get a date on Friday? And if you're busy, I wouldn't mind taking Saturday-ay-ay, ay-ay-ay Round up de posse, Fugee comin' around the way  [Wyclef] Yo, hey nappy head [Lauryn] Yo whashup? [Wyclef] What you got there? [Lauryn] Hah, I got some of that lyrical cheeba cheeba [Wyclef] Worrrrrd?  A cheeba cheeba y'all, well I'm a Libra y'all A cheeba cheeba y'all, well I'm a Libra y'all  [Verse 1: Wyclef] You wanna battle? Swing I bring commanding men like I was king In all your dreams I write the horror flick of Stephen King Cling to false also those papers say ock I got tired of the fat lady so I sing to my own opera Ba-lang-balang-balang-to-de-man-de-rock-cause I love thee If you live by the sword you will be die by the gun Cause all guys tell lies, and more girls commits sin I was ordered to Code Red, but now I'm chillin' with A Few Good Men Assassination on the kid from the capitol I never play the soap opera but now I'm in General Hospital Condition critical, spirit over who's the physical So if I die, catch me at the funeral I'll fly away, ohh glory With a mic in my hand to a land where only God knows me And the angels write raps on holy paper I said I'm lookin for Jesus, he said "Take the escalator One flight up, is guaranteed He'll be there" My sister'd be there, my mother'd be there So... You might also like[Hook] Yo Mona Lisa, could I get a date on Friday? And if you're busy, I wouldn't mind taking Saturday-ay-ay, ay-ay-ay Round up de posse, Fugee comin' around the way  [Verse 2: Lauryn Hill] I don't puff blunts so I always got my breath Never had to battle with a bullet proof vest They call me cock-weasel but I, still cave a chest I don't wear Jheri curls cause I'm not from the West No disrespect to the West, true indeed I rock it to the East, the East is the seed To see that them days back, yo sheepskins and Hot Tracks Peace to Mr. Magic, things are getting tragic Now we on some new stuff, I never feared the Ku Klux My own clan is actin up, I blame it on the Phillie blunt What you gonna do, kids are acting oooohhhh Hill is gettin' badder, yo raise the corporate ladder Mr. Three Piece Suit Check the square roots, Girbauds and Timberland boots Nahh that's the serpents, and no don't call me toots I got a head full of problems and a hand full of nappy roots I feel a Jones comin' down, yo I...  [Wyclef] (I got the slang to make the chitty-bang-bang A-rid-dang-de-dang, the nappy head bang) [Lauryn] No I, got the slang to make the chitty-bang-bang A-rid-dang-de-dang, the nappy heads reign! [Hook] Yo Mona Lisa, could I get a date on Friday? And if you're busy, I wouldn't mind taking Saturday-ay-ay, ay-ay-ay Round up de posse, Fugee comin' around the way Nappy heads in the zone and we're not goin' home!  [Verse 3: Pras] Hey yo a battle is a battle but a battle's not a battle If it'sssssssssss snake doesn't rattle Cause my style's as old as a reptile As slick as a Nu Nile, as new as a new child So come follow me to the land of Abraham This land's your land, this land's my land The blacker the black man, the better the next man [Lauryn] (Yo some nappy heads need to check they necks for red) [Wyclef] Ihhhh, feel injection Put the needle to your skin feel reality's heroin You maintain to put a negro in pain you used to diss me "Oh you wanna hang with old Eddie Kane?" Ain't nuttin wrong, snap your head to the song Word is bond, you get wrong I'll have you sing like Louis Armstrong And I say to myself, what a wonderful world But what the hell was so wonderful 'bout cotton in the farm Mr. Slaaaaaave Maaaaan! The harder they come, the harder they fall, so come one come all Don't stall or I'mma stick you like a voodoo doll Doors locked stop drawer for the count who drops You slept on a kid from the boondocks Out of Hootaville, land of the ill kill Vailsburgh Viking so you know I'm top ranking Phil Some say who coming like like the yuma but save the rumor Cause I've been rockin ever since eighty-two When I used to rock my Pumas... A cheeba cheeba y'all, well I'm a Libra y'all A cheeba cheeba y'all, well I'm a Libra y'all A cheeba cheeba y'all, well I'm a Libra y'all A cheeba cheeba y'all, well I'm a Libra y'all  [Hook] Yo Mona Lisa, could I get a date on Friday? And if you're busy, I wouldn't mind taking Saturday-ay-ay, ay-ay-ay Round up de posse, Fugee comin' around the way Nappy heads in the zone and we're not goin home!  [Outro X2] I wear my sunglasses at night To spy on my girlfriend that's right They dancing, romancing, freaking at night! Yes yes yes a yes yes y'all3Embed;
Fu-Gee-La;Fugees;Hip-Hop;We used to be number ten, now we're permanent at one In the battle, lost my finger, mic became my arm Pistol nozzle hits your nasal, blood becomes lukewarm Tell the woman be easy, nah squeeze the Charmin Test Wyclef, see death flesh get scorned Beat you so bad make you feel like you ain't wanna be born, Jean And tell your friends stay the hell out of my lawn Chicken George become Dead George Stealin' chickens from my farm Damn, another dead pigeon If you're mafiosos then I'm bringin' on Haitian Sicilians Nobody's shootin', my body's made of hand grenade Girl bled to death while she was tongue-kissin' a razor blade That sounds sick, maybe one day I'll write a horror Blackula comes to the ghetto (Stick 'em up), jacks an Acura Stevie Wonder sees crack babies Becomin' enemies of their own families  [Pre-Chorus: Wyclef Jean] Armageddon come, you know-a we soon done Gun by my side just in case I gotta rump A boy on the side of Babylon Tryin' to front like you're down with Mount Zion  [Chorus: Lauryn Hill & Wyclef Jean] Ooh, la-la-la It's the way that we rock when we're doin' our thing Ooh, la-la-la It's the natural la that the Refugees bring Ooh, la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la Sweet thing (She love me like she never before, ayy) You might also like[Verse 2: Lauryn Hill] Yeah, in saloons we drink Boone's and battle goons 'til high noon Bust rap tunes on flat spoons, take no shorts like pum pums See hoochies pop coochies for Guccis and loochies Find me in my Mitsubishi, eatin' sushi, bumpin' Fugees Hey, hey, hey, try to take the crew and we don't play-play Say, say, say, like Paul McCartney, not hardly Oddly enough, I can see right through your bluff Niggas huff and they puff but they can't handle us, we bust 'Cause we fortified, I could never hide Seen Cooley High, cried when Cochise died I'm twisted, blacklisted by some other negroes Don't remove my Polos on the first episode Ha-ha-ha-ha, you shouldn't diss refugees, and Ha-ha-ha-ha, you whole sound set booty, and Ha-ha-ha-ha, you have to respect Jersey 'Cause I'm superfly when I'm super-high On the Fu-Gee-La  [Chorus: Lauryn Hill & Wyclef Jean] Ooh, la-la-la It's the way that we rock when we're doin' our thang Ooh, la-la-la It's the natural LA that the Refugees Bring Ooh, la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la Sweet thing (She love me like she never before, ayy) [Verse 3: Pras] I sit 90 degrees underneath palm trees Smokin' Beedi as I burn my calories Brooklyn rooftops become Brooklyn teepees Who that be? Enemy, wanna see the death of me From Hawaii to Hawthorne, I run marathons, like Buju Banton, I'm a true champion, like Farrakhan reads his daily Qur'an It's a phenomenon, lyrics fast like Ramadan  [Pre-Chorus: Wyclef] What's goin' on? Armageddon come you know-a we soon done Gun by my side just in case I gotta rump A boy on the side of Babylon Tryin' to front like you're down with Mount Zion What's goin' on? Armageddon come you know-a we soon done Gun by my side just in case I gotta rump A boy on the side of Babylon Tryin' to front like you're down with Mount Zion  [Chorus: Lauryn Hill & Wyclef Jean] Ooh, la-la-la It's the way that we rock when we're doin' our thang Ooh, la-la-la It's the natural LA that the Refugees Bring Ooh, la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la Sweet thing (She love me like she never before, ayy) Ooh, la-la-la It's the way that we rock when we're doin' our thang Ooh, la-la-la It's the natural LA that the Refugees Bring Ooh, la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la Sweet thing (She love me like she never before, ayy) [Outro] Yo kid, we gotta get our family together, man (Yeah) You know, we gotta get organized (Ayy, Junior, man) We just can't be out here, you know, just high and smoked up and (Junior, what's up?, come here) Whatever, we gotta get our stuff organized (What you want?) Whatever we gon' do, we gotta do it right, you know (What's up, girl, what you want?) We be captains33Embed;
If I Ruled the World (Imagine That) (feat. Lauryn Hill);Nas;Hip-Hop;2. Nas- Made You Look 3. Nas- EPMD 4. Nas- Hate Me Now (feat. Puff Daddy) 5. Nas- Ether 6. Nas- N.Y. State of Mind 7. Nas- Ultra Black (feat. Hit-Boy) 8. Nas- The World Is Yours 9. Dave East- Godfather 4 (feat. Nas) 10. Nas- Replace Me (feat. Big Sean & Don Toliver) 11. Nas- Vernon Family 12. Nas- Halftime 13. Nas- Life's a Bitch 14. Nas- If I Ruled The World (Imagine That) [feat. Lauryn Hill] 15. Nas- Adam and Eve (feat. The-Dream) 16. Nas- The Art of It (feat. J. Myers) 17. Nas- Spicy (feat. Fivio Foreign & A$AP Ferg) 18. Nas- Cops Shot the Kid (feat. Kanye West) 19. Main Source- Live at the Barbeque (feat. Nas) 20. Nas- Street Dreams 21. Nas- One Mic 22. Nas- I Can 23. Nas- everything (feat. The-Dream & Kanye West) 24. Nas- Tanasia 25. Nas- Daughters 26. Nas- It Ain't Hard to Tell 27. Nas- I Gave You Power 28. Nas- Get Down 29. Nas- No Idea's Original 30. Nas- QueensBridge Politics 31. Nas- Not For Radio (feat. Puff Daddy) 32. Nas- Hip Hop Is Dead (feat. will.i.am) 33. Nas- Rewind 34. Nas- Doo Rags 35. Nas- Sweet Dreams (feat. R Kelly) [Remix] 36. Nas- It Never Ends 37. Nas- The Message 38. Nas- Thugz Mansion (N.Y.) [feat. Tupac Shakur & J. Phoenix] 39. DJ Khaled- Nas Album Done (feat. Nas)You might also likeEmbed;
Ready or Not;Fugees;Hip-Hop;Ready or not, here I come, you can't hide Gonna find you and take it slowly Ready or not (Uh-huh), here I come, you can't hide Gonna find you and make you want me (Yo)  [Verse 1: Wyclef Jean & Lauryn Hill] Now that I escape, sleepwalk awake (Yeah) Those who could relate know the world ain't cake Jail bars ain't golden gates, those who fake, they break When they meet their four hundred-pound mate If I could rule the world (If I ruled the world), everyone would have a gun In the ghetto. of course, when giddy-upping on their horse I kick a rhyme drinking moonshine I pour a sip on the concrete for the deceased But, no, don't weep, Wyclef's in a state of sleep Thinking 'bout the robbery that I did last week Money in the bag, banker looked like a drag I want to play with pelicans from here to Baghdad Gun blast, think fast, I think I'm hit My girl pinched my hips to see if I still exist I think not, I'll send a letter to my friends A born again hooligan only to be king again  [Chorus: Lauryn Hill & Wyclef Jean] Ready or not, here I come, you can't hide Gonna find you and take it slowly Ready or not (Uh-huh), here I come, you can't hide Gonna find you and make you want me (Yo, yo, yo, yo) You might also like[Verse 2: Lauryn Hill & Wyclef Jean] I play my enemies like a game of chess Where I rest, no stress if you don't smoke sess Lest I must confess, my destiny's manifest In some Gore-Tex and sweats, I make treks like I'm homeless Rap orgies with Porgy and Bess Capture your bounty like Eliot Ness, yes Bless you if you represent the Fu But I'll hex you with some witch's brew if you're doo-doo Voodoo, I can do what you do, easy Believe me, fronting niggas give me heebie-jeebies (Ha) So while you imitating Al Capone I'll be Nina Simone and defecating on your microphone  [Chorus: Lauryn Hill] Ready or not, here I come, you can't hide Gonna find you and take it slowly [Bridge: Lauryn Hill] You can't run away from these styles I got, oh, baby Hey, baby, 'cause I got a lot, oh, yeah And anywhere you go, my whole crew gonna know, oh, baby Hey, baby, you can't hide from the block, oh, no  [Verse 3: Pras, Pras & Lauryn Hill] Ready or not, refugees taking over The Buffalo Soldier, dreadlock Rasta On the twelfth hour, fly by in my bomber (Drop bombs) Crews run for cover, now they're under, pushing up flowers Superfly, true lies, do or die (He's super fly) Toss me high, only puff lye with my crew from Lakay I refugee from Guantanamo Bay Dance around the border like I'm Cassius Clay (Yes, sir) [Chorus: Lauryn Hill & Wyclef Jean] Ready or not, here I come, you can't hide (Ayo, nobody move) Gonna find you and take it slowly Ready or not (Uh-huh), here I come, you can't hide (Ayo, nobody move) Gonna find you and make you want me (Come on) Ready or not, here I come, you can't hide (You know the') Gonna find you and take it slowly (You know) Ready or not (Uh-huh), here I come, you can't hide Gonna find you and make you want me67Embed;
How Many Mics;Fugees;Hip-Hop;Pick up your microphones, ha-ha Pick up your microphones, yo  [Chorus: Wyclef Jean, Wyclef Jean & Lauryn Hill] How many mics do we rip on the daily? Say, me say many, money, say, me say many, many, many How many mics do we rip on the daily? Many, money, say, me say many, many, many [Verse 1: Lauryn Hill] I get mad frustrated when I rhyme Thinkin' of all them kids that try to do this for all the wrong reasons Seasons change, mad things rearrange But it all stays the same like the love doctor, strange I'm tame like the rapper, get red like a snapper when they do that Got your whole block saying "True dat" If only they knew that it was you who was irregular Sold your soul for some secular muzak that's wack Plus you use that loop over and over Claiming that you got a new style, your attempts are futile Ooh, child, you puerile, brain waves are sterile You can't create, you just wait to take my tapes (Bing) Laced with malice, hands get calloused From gripping microphones from here to Dallas Go ask Alice if you don't believe me, I get in her visions like Stevie See me ascend from the chalice like the weed be Indeed we like Khalid Muhammad, MCs make me vomit I get controversial, freak your style with no rehearsal Au contraire mon fr're, don't you even go there Me without a mic is like a beat without a snare I dare to tear into your ego We go way back like some ganja and pelequo Or ColecoVision, my rhymes make incisions in your anatomy And I'll back this with Deuteronomy Or Leviticus, God made this word, you can't get with this Sweet like licorice, dangerous like syphilis, yeah You might also like[Chorus: Wyclef Jean, Wyclef Jean & Lauryn Hill] How many mics do we rip on the daily? Many, money, say, me say many, many, many How many mics do I rip on the daily? Many, money, say, me say many, many, many How many mics do you rip on the daily? Many, money, say, me say many, many, many How many mics do we rip on the daily? Many, money, say, me say many, many, many  [Verse 2: Wyclef Jean] I used to be underrated, now I take iron Makes my shit constipated, I'm more concentrated So on my day off, with David Sonenberg I play golf Run through Crown Heights screaming out, "Mazel tov!" Problem with no man, before Black, I'm first human Appetite to write like Frederick Douglass with a slave hand (Bing) Street pressure, word to papa, I ain't goin' under One day I'll have a label and make deals with Tommy Mottola Mama always told me, "You're one in a million" Always watch your back, never tangle with Haitian Sicilians Now I got a record deal, "How does it feel?" I'm never gonna survive unless I get crazy like Seal 'Cause the whole world's out of order So at night, the fiends dance on grease with John Travolta One got slaughtered as he coughed blood from his mouth The other tried to duck and caught a left with my Guinness Stout Brother, brother, can't you get this through your head? This is set up by the feds, they're scoping us with their infrareds [Chorus: Wyclef Jean, Wyclef Jean & Lauryn Hill] How many mics do you rip on the daily? Many, money, say, me say many, many, many How many mics do I rip on the daily? Many, money, say, me say many, many, many How many mics do we rip on the daily? Many, money, say, me say many, many, many  [Verse 3: Pras] Too many MCs, not enough mics Exit your show like I exit the turnpike Dice and dynamite like Dolemite Double-deuce delight, I don't Dick Van Dyke Star light to star bright, the freaks come out at night Like my man Wyclef (I wear my sunglasses at night) And my panache will mosh your entourage Squash the squad and hide their bodies under my garage And when the cops come lookin, I be bookin' to Brooklyn Leave the trails broken, flippin' tokens to Hoboken A clean getaway like Alec Baldwin Driving in my fast car playing Tracy Chapman  [Chorus: Wyclef Jean & Lauryn Hill] How many mics do we rip on the daily? Say, me say many, money, say, me say many, many, many How many mics do you rip on the daily? Many, money, say, me say many, many, many How many mics do we rip on the daily? Many, money, say, me say many, many, many How many mics do I rip on the daily? Many, money, say, me say many, many, many [Outro: Wyclef Jean] Many, many, money, many, many, many Many, many, money, many, many, many  [Interlude] Yo, as I was sayin', look Yo, yo, hold up kid, hol' up, hol' up (Yo, man) Yo, ready or not, kid (Yo, yo, I gotta tell you somethin', man) They gon' move on us (If they do, but, yo) And we gotta get prepared We gotta get the forces together, man (I gotta do what I gotta do, man) We gotta get our family together (I'ma haul ass down to Mexico, yo) Ready or not, man (Word is born) Ready or not they gon' move on us So I tell you what, better safe than sorry Let's be ready22Embed;
When It Hurts So Bad;Ms. Lauryn Hill;Hip-Hop;When it hurts so bad (When it hurts so bad) When it hurts so bad (When it hurts so bad) Why's it feel so good? (When it hurts so bad) (When it hurts so bad) When it hurts so bad (When it hurts so bad) When it hurts so bad (When it hurts so bad) Why's it feel so good? (When it hurts so bad) (When it hurts so bad)   I loved real, real hard once But the love wasn't returned Found out the man I'd die for He wasn't even concerned I tried, and I tried, and I tried To keep him in my life (To keep him in my life) I cried, and I cried, and I cried But I couldn't make it right  [Pre-Chorus] But I, I loved the young man And if you ever been in love Then you'd understand   That what you want might make you cry What you need might pass you by If you don't catch it If you don't catch it, if you don't catch it And what you need ironically (Ironically) Will turn out what you want to be (What you want to be) If you just let it (if you just let it) If you just let it (if you just let it) You might also like See, I thought this feeling, it was all that I had But how could this be love And make me feel so bad? (Gave up my power) Gave up my power, I existed for you But whoever knew, the voodoo you'd do  [Pre-Chorus] But I, I loved the young man (Uh-huh) And if you ever been in love Then you'd understand   That what you want might make you cry What you need might pass you by If you don't catch it (If you don't' if you don't') (If you don't' if you don't') And what you need ironically Will turn out what you want to be If you just let it (If you don't' if you don't') (If you don't' if you don't') See what you want might make you cry (If you don't' if you don't') What you need might pass you by (If you don't' if you don't') If you don't catch it (If you don't' if you don't') (If you don't' if you don't') And what you need ironically (If you don't' if you don't') Will turn out what you want to be (If you don't' if you don't') If you just let it If you just let it [Refrain] When it hurts so bad (When it hurts so bad) When it hurts so bad (When it hurts so bad) Why's it feel so good? (When it hurts so bad) (When it hurts so bad) When it hurts so bad (When it hurts so bad) When it hurts so bad (When it hurts so bad) Why's it feel so good? (When it hurts so bad) (When it hurts so bad) When it hurts so bad (When it hurts so bad) So bad (When it hurts so bad) (When it hurts so bad)  [Skit: Teacher, Boy & Girl] You ain't said nothin' Why you ain't say somethin' to me? I feel like love right now is like confusion It's like people think they love somebody When they don't really love somebody Like I thought I was in love with this girl, but I really wasn't It's like now, I don't feel about her Ok Alright You think that TV and music have somethin' to do with Why people are always confused about love? Yes! Why? 'Cause today we listen to a lot of TV a lot of music And it sounds nice, but it may not always be right for you We need to put you on a bullhorn Let you ride around Newark;
The Sweetest Thing (feat. Lauryn Hill) - From the New Line Cinema film "Love Jones";Refugee Camp All-Stars;Hip-Hop;When it hurts so bad (When it hurts so bad) When it hurts so bad (When it hurts so bad) Why's it feel so good? (When it hurts so bad) (When it hurts so bad) When it hurts so bad (When it hurts so bad) When it hurts so bad (When it hurts so bad) Why's it feel so good? (When it hurts so bad) (When it hurts so bad)   I loved real, real hard once But the love wasn't returned Found out the man I'd die for He wasn't even concerned I tried, and I tried, and I tried To keep him in my life (To keep him in my life) I cried, and I cried, and I cried But I couldn't make it right  [Pre-Chorus] But I, I loved the young man And if you ever been in love Then you'd understand   That what you want might make you cry What you need might pass you by If you don't catch it If you don't catch it, if you don't catch it And what you need ironically (Ironically) Will turn out what you want to be (What you want to be) If you just let it (if you just let it) If you just let it (if you just let it) You might also like See, I thought this feeling, it was all that I had But how could this be love And make me feel so bad? (Gave up my power) Gave up my power, I existed for you But whoever knew, the voodoo you'd do  [Pre-Chorus] But I, I loved the young man (Uh-huh) And if you ever been in love Then you'd understand   That what you want might make you cry What you need might pass you by If you don't catch it (If you don't' if you don't') (If you don't' if you don't') And what you need ironically Will turn out what you want to be If you just let it (If you don't' if you don't') (If you don't' if you don't') See what you want might make you cry (If you don't' if you don't') What you need might pass you by (If you don't' if you don't') If you don't catch it (If you don't' if you don't') (If you don't' if you don't') And what you need ironically (If you don't' if you don't') Will turn out what you want to be (If you don't' if you don't') If you just let it If you just let it [Refrain] When it hurts so bad (When it hurts so bad) When it hurts so bad (When it hurts so bad) Why's it feel so good? (When it hurts so bad) (When it hurts so bad) When it hurts so bad (When it hurts so bad) When it hurts so bad (When it hurts so bad) Why's it feel so good? (When it hurts so bad) (When it hurts so bad) When it hurts so bad (When it hurts so bad) So bad (When it hurts so bad) (When it hurts so bad)  [Skit: Teacher, Boy & Girl] You ain't said nothin' Why you ain't say somethin' to me? I feel like love right now is like confusion It's like people think they love somebody When they don't really love somebody Like I thought I was in love with this girl, but I really wasn't It's like now, I don't feel about her Ok Alright You think that TV and music have somethin' to do with Why people are always confused about love? Yes! Why? 'Cause today we listen to a lot of TV a lot of music And it sounds nice, but it may not always be right for you We need to put you on a bullhorn Let you ride around Newark;
Nothing Even Matters;Ms. Lauryn Hill;Hip-Hop;Oh, oh, oh Mmm, yeah, yeah Oh, oh Oh-oh, oh Oh yeah (Oh) Oh, oh (Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh) Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Yeah, yeah) Yeah, oh, oh, oh  [Verse 1: Lauryn Hill] Now the skies could fall Not even if my boss should call The world, it seems so very small 'Cause nothing even matters at all See, nothing even matters See, nothing even matters at all Nothing even matters Nothing even matters at all [Verse 2: D'Angelo] See, I don't need no alcohol Your love make me feel ten feet tall (Yeah) Without it, I'd go through withdrawal 'Cause nothing even matters at all Nothing even matters Nothing even matters at all Nothing even matters Nothing matters at all You might also like[Verse 3: Lauryn Hill] These buildings could drift out to sea Some natural catastrophe Still, there's no place I'd rather be 'Cause nothing even matters to me (Ooh) See, nothing even matters (Yeah) See, nothing even matters to me Nothing even matters (Oh) Nothing even matters to me  [Verse 4: D'Angelo, Lauryn Hill] You're part of my identity I sometimes have a tendency (Ooh, oh) To look at you religiously (Baby, baby) 'Cause nothing even matters, to me Nothing even matters Nothing even matters to me (Nothing even matters) Said it don't matter, baby, baby Don't matter  [Verse 5: Lauryn Hill, D'Angelo] Now you won't find me at no store I have no time for manicures With you it's never either-or (Oh) 'Cause nothing even matters no more See, nothing, it don't matter See, nothing even matters no more Nothing even matters Nothing even matters no more [Verse 6: D'Angelo, Lauryn Hill] Now my team could score (Oh) And make it to the Final Four (Ooh) Just repossessed my four by four (Yeah, yeah, yeah, take it) 'Cause nothing even matters no more (No more, no more) Nothing even matters (No more, uh) Nothing even matters no more (No, oh-oh) Nothing even matters (No, oh-oh) Oh, oh, oh  [Outro: Lauryn Hill, D'Angelo] To me, to me (No, nothing) To me, to me (No, nothing, no, oh, oh) To me, to me (Nothing even matters for you) To me, to me (One more time; More than you do) [Non-Lyrical Vocals]31Embed;
Feeling Good;Ms. Lauryn Hill;Hip-Hop;Birds flying high, you know how I feel Sun in the sky, you know how I feel Breeze drifting on by, you know how I feel It's a new dawn, it's a new day It's a new life for me, yeah It's a new dawn, it's a new day It's a new life for me And I'm feeling good   Fish in the sea, you know how I feel River running free, you know how I feel Blossom on the tree, you know how I feel It's a new dawn, it's a new day It's a new life for me And I'm feeling good   Dragonfly out in the sun, you know what I mean Don't ya know Butterflies having fun,, you know what I mean Sleep in peace when day is done, that's what I mean And this hold world is a new world And a bold world for me You might also like Stars when you shine, you know how I feel Scent of a pine, you know how I feel Oh, freedom is mine and I know how I feel It's a new dawn, it's a new day It's a new life for me [Scatting] I'm feeling good2Embed;
Final Hour;Ms. Lauryn Hill;Hip-Hop;Uh-uh Uh And yo Uhh, uhh (Like fungus among us) Yo, yo (Haha), uh   Yo, I treat this like my thesis Well-written topic, broken down into pieces I introduce then produce, words so profuse It's abuse how I juice up this beat, like I'm deuce Two people both equal like I'm Gemini, rather Simeon If I Jimmy on this lock I could pop it, you can't stop it Drop it, your whole crew microscopic Like particles while I make international articles, and on the cover Don't discuss the baby mother (Nah) Business, I been in this third LP you can't tell me I witness first-handed, I'm candid, you can't stand it Respect demanded, and get flown around the planet Rock Hard like granite or steel People feel Lauryn Hill from New-Ark to Israel And this is real, so I keep makin' the street's ballads While you lookin' for dressin' to go with your tossed salad   You can get the money, you can get the power But keep your eyes on the Final Hour You can get the money, you can get the power But keep your eyes on the Final Hour You might also like I'm about to change the focus from the richest to the brokest I wrote this opus, to reverse the hypnosis Whoever's closest to the line's gonna win it You gonna fall trying to ball while my team win the pennant I'm about to begin it, for a minute, then run for senate Make a slum lord be repentant, give his money to kids to spend it And then amend it, every law that ever prevented Our survival since our arrival documented in The Bible Like Moses and Aaron, things gon' change, it's apparent And all the transparent gonna be seen through Let God redeem you, keep your deen true, you can get the green too Watch out what you cling to, observe how a queen do And I remain calm reading the 73rd Psalm 'Cause with all that's going on I got the world in my palm   You can get the money, you can get the power But keep your eyes on the Final Hour You can get the money, you can get the power But keep your eyes on the Final Hour   Now I be breaking bread sipping Manischewitz wine Pay no mind, party like it's 1999 But when it comes down to ground beef like Palestine Say your rhymes, let's see if that get you out your bind Now I'ma get the mozzarella like a Rockafeller Still be in the church of Lalibela, singing hymns a cappella Whether posed in Mirabella in Couture Or collecting residuals from off The Score I'm making sure I'm with the 144 I've been here before this ain't a battle, this is war Word to Boonie, I make salat like a Sunni Get diplomatic immunity in every ghetto community Had opportunity went from Hoodshock to Hood-chic But it ain't what you cop, it's about what you keep And even if there are leaks, you can't capsize this ship 'Cause I baptize my lips every time I take a sip  You can get the money, you can get the power But keep your eyes on the Final Hour You can get the money, you can get the power But keep your eyes on the Final Hour You can get the money, you can get the power But keep your eyes on the Final Hour You can get the money, you can get the power But keep your eyes on the Final Hour17Embed;
All That I Can Say;Mary J. Blige;Hip-Hop;Loving you is wonderful Something like a miracle Rest assured I feel the same way you do Needing you, it isn't hard With you, I can let down my guard Stay secure that's all I'm asking from you (Stay secure)  [Pre-Chorus] I wish I had words to tell (I wish) This feeling that I know so well But I don't, I don't   All that I can say (Doo-doo, doo-doo, doo-doo-doo) All that I can say (Doo-doo, doo-doo, doo-doo-doo) All that I can say (Doo-doo, doo-doo, doo-doo-doo) All that I can say (Doo-doo, doo-doo, doo-doo-doo)   I've always been curious Meeting someone serious Looking for someone who loves like me But the day I stopped my search It seemed that you were put on Earth To show me everything I could not see You might also like[Pre-Chorus] I wish I could find a way To tell you how I felt that day But I can't (I just can't) I can't   All that I can say (Doo-doo, doo-doo, doo-doo-doo) All that I can say (Doo-doo, doo-doo, doo-doo-doo) All that I can say (Doo-doo, doo-doo, doo-doo-doo) All that I can say (Doo-doo, doo-doo, doo-doo-doo)  [Bridge] Knowing him, loving him Showing him that I'm all in Living and, forgiving and I would do it all again Genuine, seraphim Sweeter than cinnamon Heaven-sent gentleman Synonyms for loving him  All that I can say (Doo-doo, doo-doo, doo-doo-doo) All that I can say (Doo-doo, doo-doo, doo-doo-doo) All that I can say (Doo-doo, doo-doo, doo-doo-doo) All that I can say (Doo-doo, doo-doo, doo-doo-doo) You're all' (Doo-doo, doo-doo, doo-doo-doo) All that I can say (Doo-doo, doo-doo, doo-doo-doo) All I can say (Doo-doo, doo-doo, doo-doo-doo) All that I can say (Doo-doo, doo-doo, doo-doo-doo)  [Outro] He's all that I'll ever need He's got a hold on me I love you Oh, I don't wanna live without you You're all that I can say, hey Loving you is wonderful (Doo-doo, doo-doo, doo-doo-doo) All that I can say (Doo-doo, doo-doo, doo-doo-doo) All that I can say (Doo-doo, doo-doo, doo-doo-doo) All that I' (Doo-doo, doo-doo, doo-doo-doo) All I can say Loving you is wonderful (Doo-doo, doo-doo, doo-doo-doo) (Doo-doo, doo-doo, doo-doo-doo) (Doo-doo, doo-doo, doo-doo-doo) (Doo-doo, doo-doo, doo-doo-doo)1Embed;
So High - Cloud 9 Remix;John Legend;Hip-Hop;Baby baby we can get so high So high yeah, so high yeah  [Lauryn Hill] You so conscious and self aware I'm next to you, I hold your back And you express pure ecstasy It's more than just the sex to me Cause mentally you take me there (take me there, take me there, take me there) Yo, I pretended to be unaffected You intnded to be respcted I commend your focus, you did fear to be rejected So you approached me while other men remained intimidated Glad you did cause once you came You got much more than anticipated And its true I got the mind of a genius And every time we kiss We feel the magnetic field we got between us I think it's something to witness your vulnerability The definition of a real man he can acknowledge how he feels for me I'm fascinated with your manhood exploration Your transparent language, how you articulate the situation And I can see it in your stare, in your air I love the texture of your hair Statuesque black and beautiful like classical architecture Yeah See John Legend LiveGet tickets as low as $30You might also like[Legend] Baby since the day you came into my life You made me realize that we were born to fly You showed me everyday new possibilities And you proved my fantasies what love could really be Let's go to a place only lovers go To a spot that we've never known To the top of the cloud we're floating away  Ooh this feels so crazy, oh, this love is blazing Baby we're so high, walking on cloud 9 You got me up so high So high My shoes are scraping the sky So high You got me up so high Oh My shoes are scraping the sky  Maybe later we can go up to the moon Or sail among the stars before the night is through And when morning comes we'll see the sun is not so far And we can't get much closer to God than where we are We'll go to a place where only lovers go To a spot that we've never known To the top of the clouds we're floating away Ooh this feels so crazy, oh this love is blazing Baby we're so high, walking on cloud 9 You got me up so high So high My shoes are scraping the sky So high You got me up so high Oh My shoes are scraping the sky  Oooh, yeah Ooooo-ooh oh Oooh this feels so crazy, how this love is blazing Baby we're soo high, walking on cloud 9 You got me up so high You got me up so high You got me up so high My shoes are scraping the sky You got me up so high You got me up so high You got me up so high My shoes are scraping the sky Ooooh yeeaah Mmmhaaaah ay Yeah... This is how love suppose to be This is how, this is how love suppose to be Let's go to the moon baby,oooh Let's go to the moon baby, yeah Let's go, go, let's go to the moon baby So highEmbed;
Ex-Factor;Ms. Lauryn Hill;Hip-Hop;Yo, y-yo, yo, y-yo Yo, uh, yo, y-yo, yo, y-yo   It could all be so simple (Ba-ba-ba-baby, baby, baby) But you'd rather make it hard (Huh, uh) Loving you is like a battle (It's like a battle) And we both end up with scars  [Pre-Chorus] Tell me who I have to be (Who I have to be) To get some reciprocity See, no one loves you more than me (More than me) And no one ever will (No one ever will, yeah)   Is this just a silly game (Silly game) That forces you to act this way? (To act this way) Forces you to scream my name Then pretend that you can't stay (Yeah)  [Pre-Chorus] Tell me, who I have to be (I know what we gotta do) To get some reciprocity See, no one loves you more than me And no one ever will You might also like No matter how I think we grow You always seem to let me know It ain't working (It ain't working, no), it ain't working And when I try to walk away You'd hurt yourself to make me stay This is crazy, this is crazy (Oh, this is crazy, uh-huh)  I keep letting you back in (You back in) How can I explain myself? (I don't understand why) As painful as this thing has been I just can't be with no one else  [Pre-Chorus] See I know what we've got to do (Yeah) You let go (You let go), and I'll let go too (And I'll let go) Cause no one's hurt me more than you (No one's hurt me more than you) And no one ever will   No matter how I think we grow You always seem to let me know It ain't working (It ain't working), it ain't working (It ain't working) And when I try to walk away You'd hurt yourself to make me stay This is crazy, (This is crazy) Oh, this is crazy (This is crazy) [Breakdown] (Care) Care for me, care for me I know you care for me (There) There for me, there for me Said you'd be there for me (Cry) Cry for me, cry for me You said you'd die for me (Give) Give to me, give to me Why won't you live for me? (Care) Care for me, care for me You said you'd care for me (There) There for me, there for me Said you'd be there for me (Cry) Cry for me, cry for me You said you'd die for me (Give) Give to me, give to me Why won't you live for me? (Care) Care for me, care for me You said you'd care for me (There) There for me, there for me Said you'd be there for me (Cry) Cry for me, cry for me You said you'd die for me (Give) Give to me, give to me Why won't you live for me? (Care) Care for me, care for me You said you'd care for me (There) There for me, there for me Said you'd be there for me (Cry) Give to me, give to me Why won't you live for me? (Give) Cry for me, cry for me You said you'd die for me (Care) Where? (There) Where? (Cry) Where were you (Give) When I needed you? (Care, there, cry, give) [Guitar Solo]  [Outro] (Da, da, da, d-da, d-da) Where were you (Da, da, da, d-da, d-da) When I needed you? (Da, da, da, d-da, d-da) Where were you? (Da, da, da, d-da, d-da) You, you, you, you, you (Da, da, da, d-da, d-da) You, do, do, do, do, do, do, do (Da, da, da, d-da, d-da) Do, do, do, do, do, do (Da, da, da, d-da, d-da) (Da, da, da, d-da, d-da) (Da, da, da, d-da, d-da) (Da, da, da, d-da, d-da) (Da, da, da, d-da, d-da) (Da, da, da, d-da, d-da)74Embed;
Turn Your Lights Down Low;Bob Marley & The Wailers;Hip-Hop;Turn your lights down low And pull your window curtains Oh, let Jah moon come shining in Into our life again ('Gain) Saying ooh, it's been a long, long time (Long, long, long, long time) I get this message for you, girl But it seem I was never on time Still I wanna get through to you, girl On time, on time   I want to give you some love (Good, good loving) I want to give you some good, good loving (Good, good loving) Oh, I, oh, I, oh, I Say, "I want to give you some good, good loving" (Good, good loving)   Turn your lights down low Never try to resist, oh no Oh, let my love come tumblin' in Into our life again Saying ooh, I love you And I want you to know right now Ooh, I love you And I want you to know right now 'Cause I, that I You might also like I want to give you some love, oh I want to give you some good, good loving Oh, I, I want to give you some love, ayy I want to give you some good, good loving  [Outro] Turn your lights down low, woah Never, never try to resist, oh no Ooh, let my love, oh, let my love come tumblin' in (I want to give you some love) Into our life again (I want to give you some good, good loving) Oh, I want to give you some love Oh, I, I want to3Embed;
To Zion;Ms. Lauryn Hill;Hip-Hop;One day, I'm gonna understand Zion   Unsure of what the balance held I touched my belly overwhelmed By what I had been chosen to perform But then an angel came one day Told me to kneel down and pray For unto me a man-child would be born Woe this crazy circumstance I knew his life deserved a chance But everybody told me to be smart "Look at your career," they said "Lauryn, baby use your head" But instead I chose to use my heart   Now the joy of my world Is in Zion! (Zion, Zion!) Now the joy of my world Is in Zion! (Zion, uhh, Zion!)   How beautiful if nothing more Than to wait at Zion's door I've never been in love like this before Now let me pray to keep you from The perils that will surely come See life for you, my prince has just begun And I thank you for choosing me To come through unto life to be A beautiful reflection of His grace See I know that a gift so great Is only one God could create And I'm reminded every time I see your face You might also like That the joy (Joy) Of my world (World) Is in Zion (Is in Zion) Is in Zion (Is in Zion) Now the joy (Joy) Of my world (World) Is in Zion (Is in Zion, is in Zion) Now the joy (Joy) Of my world (World) Is in Zion (Is in Zion, is in Zion) Now the joy (Joy) Of my world (World) Is in Zion (Is in Zion, is in Zion)  [Outro] Marching, marching, marching, marching (Marching) To Zion, marching, marching, marching (We gon' march) Marching, marching, marching, marching To Zion, marching, beautiful, beautiful, Zion Marching, marching, marching, marching To Zion, marching, marching, marching Marching, marching, marching, marching To Zion, marching, beautiful, beautiful, Zion Marching, marching, marching, marching (My joy, my joy) To Zion, marching, marching, marching (My joy, my joy) Marching, marching, marching, marching (My joy, my joy) To Zion, marching, beautiful, beautiful, Zion (My joy, my joy) Marching, marching, marching, marching (My joy, my joy) To Zion, marching, marching, marching (My joy, my joy) Marching, marching, marching, marching (You're the joy) To Zion, marching, beautiful, beautiful, Zion (Of my life) Marching, marching, marching, marching (It is in Zion) To Zion, marching, marching, marching (Zion) Marching, marching, marching, marching (You're the joy) To Zion, marching, beautiful, beautiful, Zion (You're the joy of my life) Marching, beautiful, beautiful Zion (Is in Zion, Zion) Marching, beautiful, beautiful Zion (It is in Zion) Marching, beautiful, beautiful Zion Marching, beautiful, beautiful Zion Marching, beautiful, beautiful Zion Marching, beautiful, beautiful Zion Marching [Skit]  [Teacher] Okay, how many people here have ever been in love? I know none of the guys are gonna raise their hand. How many of y'all ever been in love?  [Class] (Mumbling)  [Teacher] I know none of the guys been in... we don't get in love, right? Oh! Let this black man right here tell what his idea of love is, 'cause not all the time we hear a young black man talk about love. About your personal definition, don't tell me what Webster thinks. Huh?  [Boy] Willingness to do everything for that person  [Teacher] Okay, everything like what? Explain. Let him talk, c'mon. If I asked him to talk about a fancy car, he'd be right on point. But we wanna talk about love. You can do it. (To another pupil) What do you think? You said you love somebody, you should know why you love them right?  [Boy 2] The way they act  [Teacher] Uh-huh  [Boy 2] The way they carry themselves, stuff like that [Teacher] Okay  [Girl] The way that they hang with they boys, and they just stand out. It's like sometimes it don't even matter like what they wear or what they look like. It's like, that way, you know?  [Girl 2] Yeah  [Girl] It's like you know you want to talk to him, because he stands out, it's like he got a glow or something  [Teacher] That's deep  [Boy 2] That's what I'm talking about  [Teacher] I thought that was a beautiful point. Anyone else want to deal with that?  [Girl 2] It's sometimes, like when they try to act funny in front of they boys, like when they get around say they love you. They can't love you. 'Cause love-love-love wouldn't do that  [Girl 3] Love is not phony!  [Class] (Laughter)24Embed;
Dead or Naked (Davix Remix);Jade De LaFleur;Hip-Hop;One day, I'm gonna understand Zion   Unsure of what the balance held I touched my belly overwhelmed By what I had been chosen to perform But then an angel came one day Told me to kneel down and pray For unto me a man-child would be born Woe this crazy circumstance I knew his life deserved a chance But everybody told me to be smart "Look at your career," they said "Lauryn, baby use your head" But instead I chose to use my heart   Now the joy of my world Is in Zion! (Zion, Zion!) Now the joy of my world Is in Zion! (Zion, uhh, Zion!)   How beautiful if nothing more Than to wait at Zion's door I've never been in love like this before Now let me pray to keep you from The perils that will surely come See life for you, my prince has just begun And I thank you for choosing me To come through unto life to be A beautiful reflection of His grace See I know that a gift so great Is only one God could create And I'm reminded every time I see your face You might also like That the joy (Joy) Of my world (World) Is in Zion (Is in Zion) Is in Zion (Is in Zion) Now the joy (Joy) Of my world (World) Is in Zion (Is in Zion, is in Zion) Now the joy (Joy) Of my world (World) Is in Zion (Is in Zion, is in Zion) Now the joy (Joy) Of my world (World) Is in Zion (Is in Zion, is in Zion)  [Outro] Marching, marching, marching, marching (Marching) To Zion, marching, marching, marching (We gon' march) Marching, marching, marching, marching To Zion, marching, beautiful, beautiful, Zion Marching, marching, marching, marching To Zion, marching, marching, marching Marching, marching, marching, marching To Zion, marching, beautiful, beautiful, Zion Marching, marching, marching, marching (My joy, my joy) To Zion, marching, marching, marching (My joy, my joy) Marching, marching, marching, marching (My joy, my joy) To Zion, marching, beautiful, beautiful, Zion (My joy, my joy) Marching, marching, marching, marching (My joy, my joy) To Zion, marching, marching, marching (My joy, my joy) Marching, marching, marching, marching (You're the joy) To Zion, marching, beautiful, beautiful, Zion (Of my life) Marching, marching, marching, marching (It is in Zion) To Zion, marching, marching, marching (Zion) Marching, marching, marching, marching (You're the joy) To Zion, marching, beautiful, beautiful, Zion (You're the joy of my life) Marching, beautiful, beautiful Zion (Is in Zion, Zion) Marching, beautiful, beautiful Zion (It is in Zion) Marching, beautiful, beautiful Zion Marching, beautiful, beautiful Zion Marching, beautiful, beautiful Zion Marching, beautiful, beautiful Zion Marching [Skit]  [Teacher] Okay, how many people here have ever been in love? I know none of the guys are gonna raise their hand. How many of y'all ever been in love?  [Class] (Mumbling)  [Teacher] I know none of the guys been in... we don't get in love, right? Oh! Let this black man right here tell what his idea of love is, 'cause not all the time we hear a young black man talk about love. About your personal definition, don't tell me what Webster thinks. Huh?  [Boy] Willingness to do everything for that person  [Teacher] Okay, everything like what? Explain. Let him talk, c'mon. If I asked him to talk about a fancy car, he'd be right on point. But we wanna talk about love. You can do it. (To another pupil) What do you think? You said you love somebody, you should know why you love them right?  [Boy 2] The way they act  [Teacher] Uh-huh  [Boy 2] The way they carry themselves, stuff like that [Teacher] Okay  [Girl] The way that they hang with they boys, and they just stand out. It's like sometimes it don't even matter like what they wear or what they look like. It's like, that way, you know?  [Girl 2] Yeah  [Girl] It's like you know you want to talk to him, because he stands out, it's like he got a glow or something  [Teacher] That's deep  [Boy 2] That's what I'm talking about  [Teacher] I thought that was a beautiful point. Anyone else want to deal with that?  [Girl 2] It's sometimes, like when they try to act funny in front of they boys, like when they get around say they love you. They can't love you. 'Cause love-love-love wouldn't do that  [Girl 3] Love is not phony!  [Class] (Laughter)24Embed;
Can't Take My Eyes Off of You;Ms. Lauryn Hill;Hip-Hop;You're just too good to be true Can't take my eyes off of you You'd be like heaven to touch (Heaven to touch) I wanna hold you so much (Hold you so much) At long last, love has arrived And I thank God I'm alive You're just too good to be true Can't take my eyes off of you  [Verse] Pardon the way that I stare (The way that I stare) There's nothing else to compare The sight of you leaves me weak There are no words left to speak (Words left to speak) But if you feel like I feel Please let me know that it's real You're just too good to be true Can't take my eyes off of you   I need you, baby, and if it's quite alright I need you, baby, to warm a lonely night I love you, baby, trust in me when I say, "It's okay" Oh, pretty baby, don't let me down, I pray Oh, pretty baby, now that I found you, stay And let me love you, oh, baby'let me love you, oh, baby' You might also like[Refrain] You're just too good to be true Can't take my eyes off of you (Eyes off of you) You'd be like heaven to touch I wanna hold you so much (Hold you so much) At long last, love has arrived And I thank God I'm alive You're just too good to be true Can't take my eyes off of you   I need you, baby, and if it's quite all right I need you, baby, to warm a lonely night I love you, baby, trust in me when I say, "It's okay" Oh, pretty baby, don't let me down, I pray Oh, pretty baby, now that I found you, stay And let me love you, oh, baby'let me love you, oh, baby I need you, baby, and if it's quite all right I need you, baby, to warm a lonely night I love you, baby, trust in me when I say, "It's okay" Oh, pretty baby, don't let me down, I pray Oh, pretty baby, now that I found you, stay And let me love you, oh, baby'let me love you, oh, baby27Embed;
Wake Up in the Sky;Gucci Mane;Hip-Hop;Fly-y-y, fly-y-y, fly It's Gucci (It's Gucci), huh? Fly (Woo)  [Chorus: Bruno Mars & Gucci Mane] I drink 'til I'm drunk (Yeah), smoke 'til I'm high (Yeah) Castle on the hill (Well damn), wake up in the sky You can't tell me I ain't fly (You can't tell me I ain't fly) I know I'm super fly (I know), I know I'm super fly (I know) The ladies love luxury (Huh) That's why they all fuck with me (Woo) Out here with the moves (Moves) like I invented smooth You can't tell me I ain't fly (You can't tell me I ain't fly) I know I'm super fly (I know), I know I'm super fly  [Verse 1: Gucci Mane] Huh, huh, huh I stay fresh as hell, take a pic, I might as well, hell Drop the top and take a selfie, my car drives itself I got white girls blushin', homie, college girls rushin' on me (Woo) All my diamonds custom so they clutchin' and they touchin' on me Ooh, think it's vegetables Ooh, think it's edible Ooh, it's incredible Ooh, ooh, ooh I smell like Bond No. 9 now Section full of fine dimes Bitches starin' at me sayin', "Wow" Unforgettable (Woo), like Nat King Cole (Huh) Gucci Barry White, I'm singing to your ho (Well damn) A one man show (Whoa), a human bankroll (Whoa) She lost in the sauce (Woo) 'cause Gucci got the glow (Huh) You might also like[Chorus: Bruno Mars & Gucci Mane] I drink 'til I'm drunk (Burr), smoke 'til I'm high (It's Gucci) Castle on the hill (Huh), wake up in the sky (Yeah) You can't tell me I ain't fly (You can't tell me I ain't fly) I know I'm super fly (I know), I know I'm super fly (I know) The ladies love luxury, that's why they all fuck with me Out here with the moves like I invented smooth You can't tell me I ain't fly (You can't tell me I ain't fly) I know I'm super fly (I know), I know I'm super fly (I know)  [Post-Chorus: Bruno Mars & Gucci Mane] Now watch me fly (Fly-y-y) Now watch me fly (Fly-y-y) You can't tell me I ain't fly (You can't tell me I ain't fly) I know I'm super fly, I know I'm super fly  [Verse 2: Kodak Black] Kodak, Kodak I'm so fly, don't need no flight attendant Big Cuban link, don't need no pendant I ain't never had no pot to piss in, yeah Now all my records trendin' Oh my, I came from stealing bikes to flying on a G5 I don't know why I'm smokin' this cherry pie so much but this my life I'm on Adderall, I be smellin' Hi-Tech when I piss Like it's basketball, I drop fifty-pointer on my wrist It's Lil Kodak, take a pic I came home and dropped a hit All these diamonds got me sick, I'm actin' spoiled (Woo) Cutlass sittin' high (Yeah), I feel like I can fly (Yeah) So fresh to death, it's crazy, feel like I can die I done finally got my wings, they make me wanna sing (Glee) [Chorus: Bruno Mars & Kodak Black] I drink 'til I'm drunk ('Til I'm drunk), smoke 'til I'm high ('Til I'm high) Castle on the hill (Ayy), wake up in the sky You can't tell me I ain't fly (You can't tell me I ain't fly, baby) I know I'm super fly (I know it), I know I'm super fly (I know it) The ladies love luxury (Right), that's why they all fuck with me (Ayy) Out here with the moves like I invented smooth (Yeah, yeah) You can't tell me I ain't fly (You can't tell me I don't fly, baby) I know I'm super fly (I know it) I know I'm super fly (I know it)  [Outro: Bruno Mars] Now, now watch me fly (Fly-y-y) Now watch me fly (Fly-y-y) You can't tell me I ain't fly I know I'm super fly, I know I'm super fly59Embed;
Fetish (feat. Gucci Mane);Selena Gomez;Hip-Hop;French Montana - A Lie feat. The Weeknd & Max B Coldplay - Miracles (Someone Special) feat. Big Sean Demi Lovato - Sorry Not Sorry OneRepublic & Seeb - Rich Love Vance Joy - Lay It On Me Kesha - Woman feat. The Dap-Kings Horns Echosmith - Goodbye Lana Del Rey - Summer Bummer feat. A$AP Rocky & Playboi Carti NexXthursday - Sway feat. Quavo & Lil Yachty French Montana - Jump feat. Travis Scott Galantis - True Feeling Ty Dolla $ign - Love U Better feat. Lil Wayne & The-Dream Cousin Stizz - No Ice Foster The People - Sit Next to Me Elley Duh' - Fly Meek Mill - Issues Luke Christopher - Lost The Script - Rain Becky G - Mayores feat. Bad Bunny Kllo - Virtue ODESZA - Higher Ground feat. Naomi Wild RAC - Heartbreak Summer feat. K.Flay Ruel - Don't Tell Me John Splithoff - Show Me feat. Madison Ryann Ward Tom Misch - South of the River Mr Jukes - When Your Light Goes Out feat. Lianne La Havas Nine Inch Nails - Less Than Nothing,nowhere. - Hopes Up feat. Dashboard Confessional Billie Eilish - COPYCAT NAV & Metro Boomin - Call Me Jack Johnson - My Mind Is For Sale Cody Carnes - What Freedom Feels Like Arcade Fire - Electric Blue Neck Deep - Motion Sickness Prince Royce - Earned It (Recorded at Spotify Studios NYC) WizKid - One For Me feat. Ty Dolla $ign Jimi Charles Moody - Shame Billy Raffoul - Dark Four Door Oh Wonder - Heavy ROZES - Canyons Vic Mensa - Wings feat. Pharrell Williams & Saul Williams Jeremy Zucker - Talk Is Overrated feat. Blackbear R3HAB - Hold Me Mura Masa - NOTHING ELSE! feat. Jamie Lidell The Mary Nixons - Adrian feat. The Knocks & Mat Zo Burns - Far Gone feat. Johnny Yukon Kid Rock - Po-Dunk Jonny Diaz - Whole World Lights - SkydivingEmbed;
Black Beatles;Rae Sremmurd;Hip-Hop;Black Beatles in the city Be back immediately to confiscate the moneys (Ear Drummers) Rae Sremm, Guwop, Mike WiLL I sent flowers, but you said you didn't receive 'em But you said you didn't need them (Mike WiLL Made-It!)  [Chorus: Swae Lee] That girl is a real crowd pleaser (Oh, yeah) Small world, all her friends know of me (They know me) Young bull livin' like an old geezer (Ah) Quick-release the cash, watch it fall slowly (Slowly) Frat girls still tryna get even (Tryna get even) Haters mad for whatever reason (Yeah, yeah) Smoke in the air, binge drinking (Oh, oh) They lose it when the DJ drops the needle (And they lose it)  [Verse 1: Swae Lee] Getting so gone I'm not blinkin' What in the world was I thinkin'? New day, new money to be made There is nothin' to explain I'm a fuckin' black Beatle, cream seats in the Regal Rockin' John Lennon lenses, like to see 'em spread eagle Took a bitch to the club and let her party on the table Screamin', "Everybody's famous!" Like clockwork, I blow it all And get some more Get you somebody that can do both Black Beatles got the babes belly rollin' She think she love me, I think she trollin' You might also like[Chorus: Swae Lee] That girl is a real crowd pleaser (Oh, yeah) Small world, all her friends know of me (They know me) Young bull livin' like an old geezer (Ah) Quick-release the cash, watch it fall slowly (Slowly) Frat girls still tryna get even (Tryna get even) Haters mad for whatever reason (Yeah, yeah) Smoke in the air, binge drinkin' (Oh, oh) They lose it when the DJ drops the needle (And they lose it)  [Verse 2: Gucci Mane] Came in with two girls, look like strippers in their real clothes A broke ho can only point me to a rich ho A yellow bitch with green hair, a real weirdo Black man, yellow Lamb', red light go They seen that Guwop and them just came in through the side door There's so much money on the floor we buyin' school clothes Why you bring the money machine to the club for? Pint of lean, pound of weed, and a kilo I Eurostep past a hater like I'm Rondo I upgrade your baby mama to a condo Like Chapo servin' llello to the gringos Black Beatle, club close when I say so  [Chorus: Swae Lee & Slim Jxmmi] That girl is a real crowd pleaser (Oh, yeah) Small world, all her friends know of me (They know me) Young bull livin' like an old geezer (Ah) Quick-release the cash, watch it fall slowly (Slowly) Frat girls still tryna get even (Tryna get even) Haters mad for whatever reason (Yeah, yeah) Smoke in the air, binge drinkin' (Oh, oh, Uncle Jxmmi) They lose it when the DJ drops the needle (And they lose it) [Verse 3: Slim Jxmmi] She's a good teaser, and we blowin' reefer Your body like a work of art, baby Don't fuck with me, I'll break your heart, baby D&G on me, I got a lot of flavor 15 hundred on my feet, I'm tryna kill these haters I had haters when I was broke, I'm rich, I still got haters I had hoes when I was broke, I'm rich, I'm still a player I wear leather Gucci jackets like it's still the 80s I've been blowin' OG Kush, I feel a lil' sedated I can't worry about a broke nigga or a hater Black Beatle, bitch, me and Paul McCartney related  [Chorus: Swae Lee] That girl is a real crowd pleaser (Oh, yeah) Small world, all her friends know of me (They know me) Young bull livin' like an old geezer (Ah) Quick-release the cash, watch it fall slowly (Slowly) Frat girls still tryna get even (Tryna get even) Haters mad for whatever reason (Yeah, yeah) Smoke in the air, binge drinkin' (Oh, oh) They lose it when the DJ drops the needle (And they lose it)225Embed;
I Get the Bag (feat. Migos);Gucci Mane;Hip-Hop;Chris Brown - Questions Thomas Rhett - Grave Cardi B - Bodak Yellow feat. Messiah Latin Trap Remix ZHU & NERO - Dreams Chase & Status - Crawling Lil Peep - Save That Shit Gucci Mane - I Get The Bag feat. Migos A R I Z O N A - Cross My Mind Pt. 2 feat. Kiiara Chelsea Cutler - You Make Me Miley Cyrus - Younger Now CNCO & Little Mix - Reggaet'n Lento (Remix) Maisie Peters - Place We Were Made Ryan Follese - Lose A Little Sleep Rachel Platten - Broken Glass Buddy - Type Of Shit feat. Wiz Khalifa Pale Waves - Television Romance Xuitcasecity - Need Somebody Secret Weapons - My Blue Heaven Echosmith - Future Me J. Roddy Walston & The Business - You Know Me Better Grizzly Bear - Losing All Sense Death From Above 1979 - Never Swim Alone Bibi Bourelly - Untitled (In Studio) Nothing But Thieves - I'm Not Made by Design Jazz Cartier - Nobody's Watching A$AP Ferg - Trap And A Dream feat. Meek Mill Fetty Wap - There She Go (feat. Monty) Kodak Black - My Klik feat. John Wicks & JackBoy BAUM - Hot Water LCD Soundsystem - tonite Luke James - Drip Anthony Russo - California Leikeli47 - 2nd fiddle Phora - Facts Lizzo - Water Me Skip Marley - Refugee DVBBS - Cozee feat. Cisco Adler OFFAIAH - Run This Town feat. Shenseea Peewee Longway - His Name Cassius feat. PARTYNEXTDOOR Dave East - Maneuver feat. French Montana Petit Biscuit - Gravitation feat. M'me & Isaac Delusion Perfume Genius - Slip Away (Recorded at Spotify Studios NYC) Anderson East - All On My Mind Weezer - Mexican Fender Haux - Cologne Toulouse - Hurtin Amber Mark - Heatwave Alice Glass - Blood Oath Neck Deep - In Bloom1Embed;
Dope Love;Gucci Mane;Hip-Hop;Huh, huh, huh I said I don't give a damn I wouldn't give a damn Professional, I'm professional No petitionin' No tint on there You can look in here, my bitch just changed her hair It was black, then she switched it blonde I think she the one Yellow Forigis same color of her panties, but she don't have them on Mary Jane, we got a strong bond, but I love dope Submarine full of clean ones, it's the love boat Yo husband, he had a good run, but he back broke He was a worker, anyway, I worked him 'til his back broke And I sell the dope so fast, my bad my bad my bad So many bags of gas, it [?]  [Chorus: Gucci Mane & Verse Simmonds] I don't give a damn 'bout them other hoes I need a trap girl who can work a stove I need a bitch to bring 'em in rain, sleet, or snow A baby chopper in her purse and a brick of dope She took the charge for a nigga, shawty never told I love the girl more than a junkie love dope We got that dope love That dope love, dope love Dope, dope, dope love That dope love, dope love You might also like[Verse 2: Gucci Mane] I don't give a damn 'bout them other hoes I don't want to keep it secret no mo' I'll take you anywhere you want, where you wanna go? I'll drive to you in a blizzard, middle of the snow I just wanna keep it real, keep you super cold I'm just a black young nigga, mouth full of gold I got a half a pound of purp if you wanna smoke If the shit don't work, I'mma let you go  [Verse 3: Peewee Longway] I got dope love Dope dick when I bust her up I got big dough, big bank won't fold up Talkin' big 'dro, OG gas in my pantry, girl I'mma hit her on the stove, water whip You want that Benz car? She my dope lover On the doors cuffed up, we poured up like Young Thugga She silent as a [?] [?] You fuckboys We got that dope love  [Chorus: Gucci Mane & Verse Simmonds] I don't give a damn 'bout them other hoes I need a trap girl who can work a stove I need a bitch to bring 'em in rain, sleet, or snow A baby chopper in her purse and a brick of dope She took the charge for a nigga, shawty never told I love the girl more than a junkie love dope We got that dope love That dope love, dope love Dope, dope, dope love That dope love, dope loveEmbed;
Point in My Life;Gucci Mane;Hip-Hop;First thang first, baby girl let's get acquainted My name Gucci Mane, baby tell me what you dranking That boy is a lame, he don't got no super game My name Gucci Mane and baby girl that's just a name Tell me who you came with and the reason that you came You don't need to be here girl you should be ashamed Baby let me help you, I'll be your shelter in the rain Let me be your doctor tell me where you feeling pain I can be your pill baby, I can keep you sane And I can be your whip, I can whip you off the chain I know you heard bout Guwop and my boys we off the chain I'm the boss and spilling sauce Cause Gucci don't know how to sang  [Hook] I'm at this point of my life, important part of my life I'm at this point of my life, that I don't really have time I'm at this point of my life, girl would you set me aside I'm at the point of my life, I'm having sex with your mind   To all the hustlas worldwide, and from coast to coast Put your glasses in the air and propose a toast Grab the pretty girl that you love the most Ladies grab your boyfriend, baby hold him close I got a girl From a Island and she love me mo Got another girl and she love my boat Got another girl love to sell my dope Got another girl love to buy me coats But they ain't you bae, no they ain't you babe It's just somethin else I can do when ain't nohin to do babe See they ain't you babe, it's me and you babe And there ain't nothing else I can do but be with you, babe You might also like[Hook] I'm at this point of my life, important part of my life I'm at this point of my life, that I don't really have time Come at this point of my life, girl would you set me aside I'm at the point of my life, I'm having sex with your mind13Embed;
Love Somebody (feat. Young Thug);Gucci Mane;Hip-Hop;If you need somebody say "Yeah yeah" And if she love somebody, say "Hell yeah"  [Verse 1: Gucci Mane] I can't even lie, baby girl you super cool And I got a crush on you just like first day of school Every time I bought some shoes, I bought your ass some shoes Every time I bought some Trues, you got a pair of Trues And you left me by myself, now girl I'm so confused Tell me why you do the things, you do the things you do I like the way you walking when you walk, the way you move Ain't no secret 'bout it baby, that's what made me choose One girl ain't enough for me but fuck that shit, I'm straightenin' up Them bitches know shit 'bout me, them hoes just wanna break us up Come on girl, let's fall in love cause I'm so tired of being tough This might be beginners luck and I don't wanna fuck it up I'mma get your hair fixed baby just so I can mess it up Grab that skirt when you get off of work so we can dress it up I'mma be here thick and thin and God gon' keep on testing us I said I wouldn't do it again but I just keep on messin' up  [Chorus: Young Thug] If you need somebody, say "Yeah yeah" And if she love somebody, say "Hell yeah" (nigga hell yeah!) If you got somebody, say "Yeah yeah" But if you love that nigga, say "Hell yeah" I wanna know, I wanna know if you gonna say "Yeah yeah" I wanna know, I wanna know, if you love me, say "hell yeah" I wanna know, I need to know, if you need me, say "Hell yeah" But if you really love that bitch, say "Hell yeah" You might also like[Verse 2: Young Thug] Verse 2, I love you I trust you, I'll fuck you all night, yeah I'll treat your body right, yeah Buy you black diamonds, no night Have you ever had your name on the seat belts of your flight, yeah? Cause that bitch belong to you Motherfuck who think they king, baby girl I'm throning you Lil tomboy ass cologne for you And I ain't never ever had a girl like you I know what to do with a girl like you That's why I just had a little girl for you You're perfect, I might leave Thug's world for you And I can't wait 'til I get home So you can only do it with that dome, ooh And I can't wait to get in the house Cause I'm gonna eat that pizza on the couch, ooh (that pussy nigga you know what I'm talkin 'bout?!) And I can't wait to get upstairs Cause I'mma put your legs in the air, yeah And I can't wait 'til we get done Cause I'mma beat the pussy in the morning  [Chorus: Young Thug] If you need somebody, say "Yeah yeah" And if she love somebody, say "Hell yeah" (nigga hell yeah!) If you got somebody, say "Yeah yeah" But if you love that nigga, say "Hell yeah" I wanna know, I wanna know if you gonna say "Yeah yeah" I wanna know, I wanna know, if you love me, say "hell yeah" I wanna know, I need to know, if you need me, say "Hell yeah" But if you really love that bitch, say "Hell yeah"9Embed;
Rich Niggaz;Gucci Mane;Hip-Hop;Uh-oh (Huh?) You know what I'm sayin'? It's 1017, street nigga entertainers, man (Huh?) We ain't signin' nothin' but street niggas, man, turnin' 'em to millionaires over here, you know what I'm talkin' 'bout? (Uh, uh, it's facts) It's Guwop, the CEO, you dig what I'm sayin'? (Uh) My money gettin' longer, my gang gettin' stronger, my team gettin' stronger (Uh) And we ain't seein' y'all niggas, y'all can't see us, man (Huh?) Wop, holler at 'em (Gangsta Grillz, go)  [Verse 1: Gucci Mane] I'm a rich nigga, dog, everybody know that (Uh) Got two ex-Marines I hired just to watch my back (Well, damn) Gave my dog a couple bricks for a '76 Chevy (Vroom) Gotta wear a back brace 'cause my chain too heavy (Wow) They say my stomach gettin' fat, but they pockets on flat (True) I'm a rich nigga, so I wrapped the Phantom matte black (Black) I'm a rich nigga, dog, hos love my pimpin' (Pimpin') Yellow, blue, whit and red stones in my Bart Simpson (Bling) Every time I get booked, the arena get live Only problem that I have is which car I'm gon' drive (Drive) I'm a rich nigga, dog, I ain't never had shit (Nah) And the watch on my wrist cost thirty-five bricks (Skrrt) I'm a rich nigga, dog, so I ain't beefin' 'bout hoes (Nah) I ain't talkin' to you, baby, 'less you bookin' ten shows (What?) Bought a 2026 'Rari, Lamborghini doors (What?) That's like 2.5 mil' just to pull hoes (It's Gucci) You might also like[Chorus: Gucci Mane] I'm a rich nigga, dog (Huh?), I'm a rich nigga, dog (Huh?), you a rich nigga just like me (Yeah) I'm a rich nigga, dog (Huh?), I'm a rich nigga, dog, no industry, I run these streets (Well, damn) I'm a rich nigga, dog, I'm a rich nigga, dog (Yeah), you a rich nigga just like me I'm a rich nigga, dog, I'm a rich nigga, dog, no industry, I run these streets (Go)  [Verse 2: Gucci Mane & DJ Drama] I'm a rich nigga, dog, poppin' Ace, no glass Got a fetish fuckin' teachers, all my hoes got class (Class) Want a super bad bitch, then you gotta have bricks And I ain't talkin' 'bout Toronto when I say I'm from the 6 (Shoutout to East Atlanta, true) Way back, 2006, I was just startin' to get rich Big belly Wop, I fucked like every R&B bitch (Well, damn) Got a lil' short nigga with me with a tall extended clip And a blue Rolls-Royce same color as the Crips (Crips) Got a smile on my face, but, nigga, I ain't nothin' funny (Nah) Nigga, don't hit my line if you ain't talkin' 'bout money I'm a livin' legend, dog, but they won't give me my props (Nah) My whole label can go to jail, but still my motion won't stop (What the fuck?) I'm a real rich nigga, dog, I ain't gon' lie I'm on a PJ with my kids 'cause love to see my kids fly (My kids) I'm a rich nigga, dog, you done heard about Wop (Wizop, greatest of all trappers) I heard these niggas back trappin' 'cause they album just flopped (It's Gucci)  [Chorus: Gucci Mane] I'm a rich nigga, dog (Huh?), I'm a rich nigga, dog (Yeah), you a rich nigga just like me (Huh?) I'm a rich nigga, dog (Huh?), I'm a rich nigga, dog, no industry, I run these streets (Huh?) I'm a rich nigga, dog, I'm a rich nigga, dog (Yeah), you a rich nigga just like me I'm a rich nigga, dog, I'm a rich nigga, dog, no industry, I run these streets (Dramatic, go) [Outro: DJ Drama] Now If we had the trap elections I'd say Gucci for president, Dram is VP Would you vote us in to the Wop house? I thought soEmbed;
Champions;Kanye West;Hip-Hop;(Quavo!) Lifestyle on camera (Camera) Hundred thousand dollar chandelier (Chandelier) They tried to turn me to an animal (Animal) But white people think I'm radical (Radical) Supermodels think I'm handsome (Handsome) You might think I'm too aggressive (Aggressive) But really I think I'm too passive (Hey) 'Til I pull out the chopper, start blastin' (Bow) [Chorus: Travis Scott & Desiigner] 1500, all in singles (Straight up!) Throw it up, watch it fall and drop 'Round and 'round they go 'Round and 'round they go (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)  [Verse 2: Kanye West] Pray for me I'm about to hit the Ye button I don't wanna say nothin' wrong But it'd be wrong if I ain't say nothin' Imagine if I ain't say somethin' Wouldn't none these niggas say nothin' I done lost and made money Now I'm makin' somethin' they can't take from me And I'm fresh out of debt in this mothafucka! And they still ain't ready yet for a muhfucka! Yeezy might have to go and put his Louis on I'm 'bout to go Gucci in the Gucci store You might also like[Verse 3: Gucci Mane] It's Gucci! Fresh out the feds in this mothafucka (Hah) And they still ain't ready yet for a mothafucka (No) Gucci Mane and I'm 'bout to put my Yeezys on (Huh?) Now that Gucci home, it's over for you Gucci clones [Chorus: Travis Scott & Big Sean] 1500, all in singles (Straight up) Throw it up, watch it fall and drop 'Round and 'round they go 'Round and 'round they go Champions, we run the city Number one, they fallin' from the top 'Round and 'round they go 'Round and 'round they go (Straight up)  [Verse 4: Big Sean] Look, I say a prayer for my enemies (Prayer) They cannot slow down what's meant for me Funny how they come around like I can't see through they secret identities Lately, it's all about Zen in me Subtractin' the negative energy Fuck with the family, turn your ass to a memory My niggas keep it a century I blow the check up, nigga, detonation Kill 'em one by one, Final Destination Top my destination I got guardian angels all around a nigga, that's deflectin' Satan I'm a mothafuckin' champion This right here the fuckin' anthem I can't dap you without hand san' I don't know where your dirty ass hands been I wake up to like a hundred texts Championship team, but we can't cut the net (Okay) She all off in my jersey lookin' underdressed I'm finna buy this bitch a Honda CRX With... [Chorus: Travis Scott & Desiigner] 1500, all in singles (straight up!) Throw it up, watch it fall and drop 'Round and 'round they go 'Round and 'round it go, 'round and 'round it go 'Round and 'round they go I'd rather be strapped and ride with a pole Than to get down in a hole [Verse 5: 2 Chainz] I took a nap in the pulpit I never like how a suit fit I got a pocket full of money It got me walkin' all slew-foot I'm on my wave like a cruise ship In that ho mouth like a toothpick Anyone get in my way Nothin' to say, I tote 'em choppas like pool sticks I wear pajamas to Ruth's Chris Couldn't walk a mile in my new kicks I'm comin' from the apartments We never had our damn pool fixed Walk in the mall with my new bitch Tell her to get the whole rack My new bitch gon' pull me a new bitch Then pull me a new bitch See that is a snowball effect I got gold on my neck Lookin' like a Super Bowl on my neck I got a mansion full of marble floors It look like I could go bowl in this bitch Versace logos on bowls in this bitch Like I'm a serial killer I put the real in gorilla I did this shit for my niggas [Chorus: Travis Scott & Desiigner] 1500, all in singles (straight up!) Throw it up, watch it fall and drop 'Round and 'round they go 'Round and 'round it go, 'round and 'round it go 'Round and 'round they go I'd rather be strapped and ride with a pole Than to get down in a hole Champions, we run the city Number one, they fallin' from the top 'Round and 'round they go 'Round and 'round it go, 'round and 'round it go 'Round and 'round they go I'd rather be strapped and ride with a pole Than to get down in a hole [Verse 6: Yo Gotti] I'm Yo Gotti! Reach for my chain is suicide The car I drive fit two inside They mad at Ye 'cause he all in the neighborhood But he let them goons inside Let's fuck up the neighborhood Let's fuck up the neighborhood Buy every house in this bitch You know that the money good My wrist in the kitchen go 'round and 'round Play with the kid, I'ma gun you down The roof on that Wraith in the lost and found Official trap shit let me slow it down Way more shit than a Pamper All we rock is bandanas Whips so nasty, no manners I just got head in a Phantom [Verse 7: Gucci Mane] She say she don't want a chump, baby want a champ She say money make her cum, Gucci make her damp (Gucci!) 1017's the Squad, Gucci Mane's the stamp And he don't never sleep, he's a fuckin' vamp I heard your bitch ride on the bus, you don't give a damn My bitch drive a Lamb', you should call her ma'am I love my Auntie Jane, but fuck Uncle Sam I'm a walkin' money machine, check my Instagram Niggas never test the kid so I don't have to cram My city treat me like a king, I should wear a crown And I don't really fuck around I gave my bitch two mil' 'cause she stuck around  [Chorus: Travis Scott & Desiigner] 1500, all in singles (straight up!) Throw it up, watch it fall and drop 'Round and 'round they go 'Round and 'round it go, 'round and 'round it go 'Round and 'round they go I'd rather be strapped and ride with a pole Than to get down in a hole Champions, we run the city Number one, they fallin' from the top 'Round and 'round they go 'Round and 'round it go 'Round and 'round they go I'd rather be strapped and ride with a pole Than to get down in a hole191Embed;
Steady Mobbin;Young Money;Hip-Hop; [Verse 1: Lil Wayne] Man, fuck these niggas I'ma spare everything but these niggas I flip the gun and gun-butt these niggas Take the knife off the AK and cut these niggas (Kane is in the buildin', nigga) Yeah, and fuck these bitches I swear, I care about everything but these bitches I don't care, I "so what" these bitches And I put Young Mula, baby, way above these bitches If it ain't broke, don't break it And if he ain't shook, I'm gon' shake him Hope I don't look weak, 'cause when a wolf cry wolf You still see that wolf teeth, mothafucka Futuristic handgun If you act foul, you get two shots and one, haha I'm at your face like Lanc'me, haha You niggas softer than Roseanne's son, heh You cannot reach me on my Samsung I'm busy fuckin' the world and givin' the universe my damn tongue Crazy mothafucka, I am one But the crazy thing is, I began one All-white bricks I'm straight like it's jumpin' back to thirty-six, nigga Big house, long hallways Got ten bathrooms, I could shit all day, nigga You might also like[Chorus: Lil Wayne] And we don't want no problems Okay, you're a goon, what's a goon to a goblin? Yeah, and Kane on the beat I fuck around and leave a nigga's brains on the street, ooh Now, pop that pussy I bring her to my bedroom and pop that pussy Uh-huh, and we be steady mobbin' Whoa, Kemosabe, big ballin' is my hobby  [Verse 2: Gucci Mane] What the fuck is up? (Up) It's Gucci Mane the G (S'Gucci) Ask Tity Boi, no pity, boy; this scar city, the city boy (What?) So Icy; so, no Nike, boy, just Gucci, Louis, Prada, 'scuse me ('Scuse me) "Gucci Mane keep shittin' on me, why that boy keep buying jewelry?" (Kane is in the buildin', nigga) East Atlanta cockin' hammers, bandannas on car antennas (Ugh) No, we do not talk to strangers, just cut off these niggas' fingers (Huh) Gucci's armed and dangerous, cocaine, codeine and angel dust This AK-47 will hit ya anywhere from the ankle up (Ankle) Gun same size as Nia Long, clip long as a Pringles can (Damn) 4-5 Desert Eagle on me, you'll think I'm a Eagles fan (Huh) Toni Braxton sniper rifle, make you never breathe again (Hah) Fuck that nigga, kill that nigga, bring him back, kill him again (Gucci)  [Verse 3: Lil Wayne] Yeah, the-the-the money is the motive Fuck with the money, it get ugly as Coyote "Okay, I'm reloaded," better pull it if you tote it I buy a pound, break it down, and put it in a stogie Swagger so bright, I don't even need light I'm with a model broad, she don't even eat rice, ha But, would you believe it? She eat dykes And she asked me for a picture, so I gave her three strikes, yeah I-I'm the man around this mothafucka I'm so hot, you probably catch a tan around this mothafucka This rap game, I got my hand around this mothafucka Yeah, I said "game," but I ain't playin' around this mothafucka Yeah! I'm the best to ever do it, bitch, haha And you're the best at never doin' shit If you the shit, then I'm sewerage Try me and I'll have your people reading eulogies, haha I swear, you can't fuck with me But I can fuck your girl, and make her nut for me, then slut for me Then kill for me, then steal for me, and of course, it'll be your cash Then I'll murder that bitch and send her body back to your ass [Chorus: Lil Wayne] And we don't want no problems Okay, you're a goon, what's a goon to a goblin? Yeah, and Kane on the beat I fuck around and leave a nigga's brains on the street, ooh Now, pop that pussy I bring her to my bedroom and pop that pussy Uh-huh, and we be steady mobbin' Whoa, Kemosabe, big ballin' is my hobby  [Verse 4: Lil Wayne] Ugh, man, suck my clip Swallow my bullets, and don't you spit, ughhhh I am the hip-hop socialist Life is a gamble and I'm all about my poker chips Do you want a dose of this? I will make the most of this "F" is for ferocious, murder your associates The top is so appropriate, this is just where I belong Keep a hard dick for your girlfriend to wobble on, Weez'  [Chorus: Lil Wayne] And we don't want no problems Okay, you're a goon, what's a goon to a goblin? Yeah, and Kane on the beat I fuck around and leave a nigga's brains on the street, ooh Now, pop that pussy I bring her to my bedroom and pop that pussy Uh-huh, and we be steady mobbin' Whoa, Kemosabe, big ballin' is my hobby (Kane is in the buildin', nigga) And we don't want no problems Okay, you're a goon, what's a goon to a goblin? Yeah, and Kane on the beat I fuck around and leave a nigga's brains on the street, ooh Now, pop that pussy I bring her to my bedroom and pop that pussy Uh-huh, and we be steady mobbin' Whoa, Kemosabe, big ballin' is my hobby50Embed;
Lemonade;Gucci Mane;Hip-Hop;Yeah, it's Gucci, what's up, baby? (Brr) Yellow everything this time (Yellow), you know what I'm talking about? Yellow rims (Lemons) Yellow big booty yellowbones, ha (Yellow?) Yellow Lambs (Yellow), yellow MPs (Yellow), yellow watch (Banana) Yellow charm ring, chain (Yellow) Yellow living room set (Chiquita, yellow) Lemonade Gucci shoes for my girl (It's Gucci), it's Gucci  [Verse 1: Gucci Mane] My Phantom sitting on sixes, no twenties in my denim (No) Your Cutlass motor knocking because it is a lemon (Lemon) I like them Georgia peaches, but you look more like a lemon (Lemon) These sour-apple bitter bitches, I'm not fucking with them (Lemon) I'm truly stupid-paid, that's just how I feel today (Today, lemon) I'm moving slow 'cause codeine syrup's in my lemonade (Lemon) I'm standing in the shade and I'm selling lemonade (Lemons) Six hundred a pint the going rate off in the A (Lemon) Lemonade diamond bracelet, put it in your face (Brr) Lemonhead diamond earrings I wore yesterday (Brr, lemon) I'm pimping, wearing linen, that's just how I'm chillin' (Lemon) I'm smoking grits and selling chickens, Corvette painted lemon (It's Gucci)  [Chorus: Choir & Gucci Mane] Lemons on the chain with the V-cuts (Yeah) Lemons on the chain with the V-cuts (Brr) Lemonade and shade with my feet up (What?) Lemonade and shade with my feet up (Wow) Lemon pepper wings and a freeze cup (What?) Lemon pepper wings and a freeze cup (Wow) Lemons in their face, watch 'em freeze up (Brr, brr) Lemons in their face, watch 'em freeze up (Brr, brr) You might also like[Verse 2: Gucci Mane] I got lemonade and lemon-tint, lemons watch me mix the shit (Lemons) Lemonade-complexion East Australian girl be killing me (Yeah) She say I be killing her, I say I be feeling it (Wow) Four days then I'm sick of her 'cause her brain is Lemonhead (Damn) Cocaine-white exterior, interior lemonade (Gucci) Yellow with the off-white trimming, I call that the super-drank (Wow) Yellow diamond pinky ring, call that there the lemon rock (Brr, brr) Jewelry box a lemon bin (Brr, brr), my earring size an apricot (Brr) Yeah, I smoke that strong a lot, yeah, I need some, what you got? (Yeah) Half a pound of lemon kush, call that pack the lemon drop (Ahem) Canary yellow lemon watch (Brr), big bird, yellow top (Nyoom) Yellow Polo, Polo slippers, white and yellow Polo socks (Nyoom) "Gucci Mane be pumping, dog, he don't got all he say he got" (Nyoom) Just stash one lemon, homie, I can supply damn near fifty blocks (Nyoom) Yellow boat parked at the dock (Dollar), yellowbone gon' make the drop (Dollar) Flip the flop, mine off the top, then go buy me a yellow yacht (It's Gucci)  [Chorus: Choir & Gucci Mane] Lemons on the chain with the V-cuts (Yeah) Lemons on the chain with the V-cuts (Brr) Lemonade and shade with my feet up (What?) Lemonade and shade with my feet up (Wow) Lemon pepper wings and a freeze cup (What?) Lemon pepper wings and a freeze cup (Wow) Lemons in their face, watch 'em freeze up (Yeah, yeah) Lemons in their face, watch 'em freeze up (Brr, brr, brr, brr) [Verse 3: Gucci Mane] Lemonade my townhouse in Miami, I want yellow carpet (Yeah) Woke up in the morning, "Fuck it," bought a yellow Aston Martin (Fuck it) Yellow bricks, yellow dust, yellow lean, yellow Tuss' Yellow pills, spinning wheels, yellow weed, re-up with us (Yeah) Coward-ass nigga, yellow stripe, you a yellow-back (Yeah) AK hit your dog and you can't bring Old Yellow back (Nope, nope, nope) Yep, Gucci bang up eighty thousand, that's a yellow safe (Yeah) Yellow, holmes, mellow, holmes, you know you a scary cat (Yeah) No sleep for two days, so my pupils looking yellow (Yeah, yeah, yeah) Five flights, six shows, quarter-million on my schedule (Bangladesh) and Gucci Mane, Niggas know they in trouble (Gucci, Gucci, Bang', Gucci) Green ice, red light, caution, Gucci rock yellow (Brr, ice, live, Gucci), Gucci (Gucci) Gucci  [Chorus: Choir & Gucci Mane] Lemons on the chain with the V-cuts (Yeah, yeah, it's Gucci) Lemons on the chain with the V-cuts (It's Big Gucci, brr) Lemonade and shade with my feet up (It's brilliance, huh, what?) Lemonade and shade with my feet up (Lemonade everything, baby, that's just Gucci, wow) Lemon pepper wings and a freeze cup (Gucci, work, what?) Lemon pepper wings and a freeze cup (Yeah, wow) Lemons in their face, watch 'em freeze up (Where we at? Yeah) Lemons in their face, watch 'em freeze up (Brr, brr, brr, brr)5;
Semi On Em;Gucci Mane;Hip-Hop;Bitch, it's young Gucci Mane, you heard that I go coco-loco So much money that my pitbull got a diamond choker I'm on a yacht, me and my plug, and yeah, we playin' poker Sippin' coladas, smokin' ganja, he's a heavy smoker I started right here in the city, they call me a local I rob you blind and burn the money like the fuckin' Joker And if you don't believe me, ask them hoes at Strokers So much money in the air, can't even see the sofa So much kush smoke in the air, I can't help but smell the odor They say I cook so many deuces my arm need a motor Half a pint in the Mountain Dew, now that's a dirty soda And' And I sell so many chickens, think I work for Kroger (Ayy)  [Chorus: Chief Keef] I'm flexin', countin' gualas, park this Lexus, I don't ride 'em (Nah) Ayy, bad yellow bitch, passin' unless she a rider (Thottie, ayy, ayy) She is down to ride with me and she gon' hold my Glocky (Glocky) Ayy, if she see a opp, I tell her pop off, she gon' pop him (Pop him) My brothers like 2Pac, Notorious, bitch, I'm Big Papa (Ayy, ayy) If I see a opp, I spot him, shot him, bitch, I got him (Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy) Drive-thru, In-N-Out (Skrrt), I throw 'em up, Benihanas (Gang, gang) Ridin', Hemi, semi on me (Skrrt), catch his ass, semi on 'em (Gang, gang)  [Verse 2: Chief Keef] I' I been shotta callin' since I hit the lotto, ballin' (Gang, gang, gang) My diamonds know voodoo 504, bitch, they from New Orleans (Bang, bang, bang) Ring, ring, money callin', gotta go, you not important (Ring, ring, ring) I'm smokin' TuTu and Tooka and countin' money, tourin' (Gang, gang) My Ruger hold a thirty, you can't hold a fuckin' chorus (Click-clack, bang, bang) That's eighty shots at your face, better be good at duckin' bullets (Grrah, bang) Pull up in that Lord, that's that shit them hoes adore (Skrrt, gang) I pull up to the club and tell a bitch to hop aboard (Skrrt, bitch, I'm bangin') Baby, I'm a king (Bang), I know I am not a Lord (I ain't) But I'm Almighty So' and that's that shit that I send shottas for (Bang, bang) I'm smokin' paraphernalia (Bang, bang), with a Glock in tours (Gang) Make that bitch sing a melody (Bang), you get lots of chords (Bang, bang) You might also like[Chorus: Chief Keef] I'm flexin', countin' gualas, park this Lexus, I don't ride 'em (Nah) Ayy, bad yellow bitch, passin' unless she a rider (Thottie, ayy, ayy) She is down to ride with me and she gon' hold my Glocky (Glocky) Ayy, if she see a opp, I tell her pop off, she gon' pop him (Pop him) My brothers like 2Pac, Notorious, bitch, I'm Big Papa (Ayy, ayy) If I see a opp, I spot him, shot him, bitch, I got him (Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy) Drive-thru, In-N-Out (Skrrt), I throw 'em up, Benihanas (Gang, gang) Ridin', Hemi, semi on me (Skrrt), catch his ass, semi on 'em84Embed;
Truck Loaded;Gucci Mane;Hip-Hop;Chyeah, chyeah, yeah, yeah Uhh, uhh, wow, wow, phew, phew Zay, yeah, yeah, burr, burr, burr   18 bands, I done sold another thang (Yeah) 10 grand cash, that'll get ya bout a half (Yeah) 3 point 5 that's a hundred dollar slab (Phew phew) 13 hundred for a baby, pussy nigga do the math Tractor-trailer truck and it's full of that mid (Wow) Caravan baby and it's loaded down with bricks (Wow) Got a tractor-trailer truck and it's full of that mid (Wow, phew phew) Got a caravan baby and it's loaded down with bricks, uh   Kilos stacked up, thirty's on my lack-truck Re-up half a mil, pills, I'ma vacuum seal Gucci, Truly, life of my movie Woke up this morning bought an 08 dually 07 Charger SRT bitch Sittin' on Ashanti's, trunk just beatin' Dubs just breathin', old folks peekin' Somebody bitch gettin' fucked this evening Gucci got clugs, that's the slang in Cleveland I'm so gangsta, he so corny I'm so hood that ya bitch got horny Cookin' up a brick 7:30 in th morning (It's Gucci) You might also like 18 bands, I done sold another thang (Yeah) 10 grand cash, that'll gt ya bout a half (Yeah) 3 point 5 that's a hundred dollar slab (Phew phew) 13 hundred for a baby, pussy nigga do the math Tractor-trailer truck and it's full of that mid (Wow) Caravan baby and it's loaded down with bricks (Wow) Got a tractor-trailer truck and it's full of that mid (Wow, phew phew) Got a caravan baby and it's loaded down with bricks, uh   My vette burgandy, Hummer snow white And I bought 'em same day, true story real light See my right wrist ice me out like a bitch I got so much money, I can ice my clique Put ice on the bitch, put ice on my fists See them diamonds on my rims, that's some million dollar slims I'm a cocaine chef, and I love myself Waitin' on Gucci to fall off, better hold your breathe 'Cause the donk look clear, Malibu look stealth Got so much money I'ma ice my belt See my donk look clear, Malibu look stealth Got so much money, I'ma ice my belt (Gucci)   18 bands, I done sold another thang (Yeah) 10 grand cash, that'll get ya bout a half (Yeah) 3 point 5 that's a hundred dollar slab (Phew phew) 13 hundred for a baby, pussy nigga do the math Tractor-trailer truck and it's full of that mid (Wow) Caravan baby and it's loaded down with bricks (Wow) Got a tractor-trailer truck and it's full of that mid (Wow, phew phew) Got a caravan baby and it's loaded down with bricks, uh  Call me Pizza Hut 'cause I sell a lot of pies In the drought, I might get 23 of them guys 23 of them grams? That's a whole lot of mans See my plug Afghanistan, get my pills from Pakistan Sold a lot of grams, got them graham crackers man Green and yellow donk, It's my Green Bay Packer Van I don't understand, I don't really like the chicks See I'm known in the 6 for sellin' all them fuckin' bricks (Gucci)   18 bands, I done sold another thang (Yeah) 10 grand cash, that'll get ya bout a half (Yeah) 3 point 5 that's a hundred dollar slab (Phew phew) 13 hundred for a baby, pussy nigga do the math Tractor-trailer truck and it's full of that mid (Wow) Caravan baby and it's loaded down with bricks (Wow) Got a tractor-trailer truck and it's full of that mid (Wow, phew phew) Got a caravan baby and it's loaded down with bricks, uhEmbed;
Realist In It (feat. Gucci Mane & Offset);Lil Baby;Hip-Hop;Realest (Realest), in it (In it) I was on the block because I was suspended Niggas, bitches (Bitches) I ain't takin' shots, I hope they don't get offended G550, this is not a rental New AP, limited edition Still be in the trenches, still be totin' pistols I done went legit, I still can go and get 'em  [Verse 1: Lil Baby] Hold up, Baby (Baby) You been goin' crazy, who said you wouldn't make it? I keep somethin' to say to dopeboys 'round the nation I won't stop for nothin', I'm chasin' after paper Talkin' like I'm basic, really that's some hate shit See I'm out in public, why don't never say shit? They know I would pay for them to get a facelift Penthouse at the top, I come from out the basement Opps talkin' crazy, hope my Glock don't jam Gotta make it back home, take care of my lil' one When it's time to ride, I'm like fuck makin' a diss song Went and bought a Wraith just for somethin' for us to sit on Every rapper on the come-up send a song for me to get on Ain't nothin' wrong, I used the plug for me to get on Ten thousand dollar outfit, I got this shit on DM-in' my ho, another nigga I'ma shit on You might also like[Chorus: Lil Baby & Gucci Mane] Realest (Realest), in it (In it) I was on the block because I was suspended Niggas, bitches (Bitches) I ain't takin' shots, I hope they don't get offended G550, this is not a rental New AP, limited edition Still be in the trenches, still be totin' pistols I done went legit, I still can go and get 'em (Wop)  [Verse 2: Gucci Mane] Gucci cuttin' up, Tom Ford button-up (Huh) Haters face crunched up like I cut an onion up (Damn) Your rent pay for what I paid for the temp fade (Huh?) Got the blocks any day, yeah, them Dikembes (Blockies) Got the trap goin' up on a Wednesday (Up) Samurai, choppin' up work like a sensei (Wop) Keyser S'ze, vibe out like Coldplay They don't really know no nothin' 'bout the old Ray (No) Trappin' out my Box Chevy, me and OJ (Huh) Michael Jackson with the glove, Annie, are you okay? (Wow) Junkies in the hood singin' like the O'Jays Dope so good, make your uncle sell the Bluray (Damn) Drop the top off the Rolls like a toup'e Fiasco when I pull up like I'm Lupe (Uh) Castro, but now in the new day Shoot him in the head, I ain't never like him, no way Billie Jean, bitch, I'm tryna see your whole team He think he slick so I shot him in the doorway (Huh) Another murder, boy, I'm known for duckin' murder charge Double murder, tried to pin it on me like I'm OJ (Wow) Quadruple-cross him like a nigga owe me Cold-hearted like I never had a vertebrae (It's Gucci) Boss talk, make 'em bring it to your doorway 4 Pockets Full, whippin' up a four-way (Skrrt) [Chorus: Lil Baby] Realest (Realest), in it (In it) I was on the block because I was suspended Niggas, bitches (Bitches) I ain't takin' shots, I hope they don't get offended G550, this is not a rental New AP, limited edition Still be in the trenches, still be totin' pistols I done went legit, I still can go and get 'em  [Verse 3: Offset] Engine in the rear, put a million in the front (Rear) What the fuck is fear? Chopper eat you like it's lunch (Fear) Fourth and long, nigga, but we don't go for the punt (Long) Lookin' at the thottie body, this ho is a runt (Thottie) Wait, when we draw the chopper, niggas start to run? (Wait) Wait, these bitches wanna come fuck with a don? (Woo) Wait, if a nigga talk about some funds, I relate (Relate) You hate, I did the race, Tay-K (Skrrt) Thinkin' like I'm Meech, M's in the vase (Meech) Practice what I preach, money on the daily (Practice what I) She not NeNe but she leaks oh so crazy (She not NeNe) Niggas plottin' and I peep with a lazy (What I peep) Push the money out, I'm in labor (Woo) She tryna fuck me for some clout, hurt my baby (Clout) I got money stashed somewhere in my acres (Stash) My left wrist sad 'cause my right glacier [Chorus: Lil Baby & Offset] Realest (Hey), in it (In it) I was on the block because I was suspended Niggas, bitches (Bitches) I ain't takin' shots, I hope they don't get offended G550, this is not a rental New AP, limited edition Still be in the trenches, still be totin' pistols I done went legit, I still can go and get 'em2Embed;
Off the Leash (feat. PeeWee Longway & Young Thug);Gucci Mane;Hip-Hop;Honorable C.N.O.T.E  [Chorus: Gucci Mane] I put it down so long and so strong that your bitch will leave home Do wrong and your bitch is off the leash Two days gone she been gone so long you can't get her on the phone cuz that bitch has been with me Say she wanna' hang when she wanna' hang bang, Gucci wanna bang bang baby you can be a freak Like Big and Diddy don't bring your bitch around me better marry that girl get your ass on one knee  [Verse 1: Young Thug] Bitch got a camel toe you know I gotta reach Ass too fat for them lil' thongs she got the cheeks Stay down for them macaroni cook that dope like ravioli Rollie like a Rollie-pollie 'ollie, yee Burr burr burr Liu Kang, Sub-Zero, jewelry freeze All black diamonds just like pepper make me sneeze Got off all them bonds and now we showing Rollie, like a Rollie-pollie 'ollie, buy my bitch a brand new pair Kanye's Woo, woo dope dancing like Chris Breezy Woo, woo hiding that's DeKalb county police They behind me but they on the nigga right behind me rear Goddamn look at this shit here I just started my fucking career, yeah  [Chorus: Gucci Mane] I put it down so long and so strong that your bitch will leave home Do wrong man your bitch is off the leash Two days gone she been gone so long you can't get her on the phone cuz that bitch has been with me Say she wanna' hang when she wanna' hang bang, Gucci wanna bang bang baby you can be a freak Like Big and Diddy don't bring your bitch around me better marry that girl get your ass on one knee You might also like[Verse 2: Gucci Mane] Got a girl with four degrees but she keep it so street switch that game up on me she treat me like a piece of meat Got me weak in the knees, SWV, gave me head on the beach she a motherfuckin' freak Pretty teeth and pretty feet and some pretty ass cheeks I ain't fucked her in two weeks wait til she get a load of me If you broke, man, then leave her leave her If you gangster keep her keep her If you not then leave with me when I see him say "Nice to meet you" Ima paint my Bentley purple cause you got on purple sneakers Ima paint my Phantom purple cause we smokin purple reefa Maybe we can go to Puerto Rico you dont need your visa We'll sneak back two illegal people and a cheaper pound of reefer weed  [Chorus: Gucci Mane] I put it down so long and so strong that your bitch will leave home Do wrong man your bitch is off the leash Two days gone she been gone so long you can't get her on the phone cuz that bitch has been with me Say she wanna' hang when she wanna' hang bang, Gucci wanna bang bang baby you can be a freak Like Big and Diddy don't bring your bitch around me better marry that girl get your ass on one knee  [Verse 3: Peewee Longway] Somebody need to call Tyrone and tell him that his bitch is with the boy Peewee I done stayed down so motherfuckin long, paper long, they call that boy Peewee Longway (Longway, Longway) I got gas packs so motherfuckin strong start crush a blunt, smoke like a bong, I got that pack from PeeWee Longway I'm outta space, I'm outta space, that molly on me I'm skeetin it in her face can't wait to show the homies I'm hittin' it from the back I think she buffered her body Two foreigner's back to back but I got that new body Been pushing them narcotic packs but don't you tell nobody (Been pushing them narcotic packs but don't you tell nobody) [Chorus: Gucci Mane] I put it down so long and so strong that your bitch will leave home Do wrong man your bitch is off the leash Two days gone she been gone so long you can't get her on the phone cuz that bitch has been with me Say she wanna' hang when she wanna' hang bang, Gucci wanna bang bang baby you can be a freak Like Big and Diddy don't bring your bitch around me better marry that girl get your ass on one knee31Embed;
Kicked In;Gucci Mane;Hip-Hop;Truthfully, they didn't really want us in the game I remember (Honorable C.N.O.T.E.) Oh yeah You know what we had to? Kick that bitch in (Gangsta Grillz)  [Chorus: Gucci Mane & DJ Drama] It's fuckin' up my vision how it kicked in (Damn) I'm mixin' up my medicines and it kicked in (Woah) She came in with her friend, then it kicked in (Damn) She just took a lil' bit, it still kicked in (Mr. Thanksgiving, yeah)  [Verse 1: Gucci Mane & DJ Drama] Inside butter, but the outside red All this money, I done got the big head (Yes, sir) Put that bitch out, she didn't even know why She smoked too much Kush, the bitch done caught the pink eye (Go) I got a weird bitch that sing and rap, she swear she Left Eye (Nah) I'm in a spinach-painted Pagani in front of Popeyes (Wow) And the bezel on my watch is 'bout the size of car tires (Skrrt) If the ice on my neck was to melt, I'd end up baptized Gucci gettin' money like Arabs in Dubai So I just bought a flying car, drop in July (July) They like, "Gucci Mane, you might be or you gettin' high" (Huh) I gamble like Bruno, I'm wakin' up in the sky (Fucked up) But they say he got two hoes on the side and they both bi (Bi) I got two twins, I'm 'bout to fuck 'em again, but they both shy (Shy) You might also like[Chorus: Gucci Mane] It's fuckin' up my vision how it kicked in (Damn) I'm mixin' up my medicines and it kicked in (Woah) She came in with her friend, then it kicked in (Damn) She just took a lil' bit, it still kicked in (Yeah) It's fuckin' up my vision how it kicked in (Damn) I'm mixin' up my medicines and it kicked in (Woah) She came in with her friend, then it kicked in (Damn, huh) She just took a lil' bit, it still kicked in (Huh, uh)  [Verse 2: Gucci Mane] This shit done kicked in out of nowhere and I can't even see (Go) Shit got a mind of its own, it's beside me (Beside me) It got a nigga seein' double like I'm Siamese (I'm Siamese) And my doc just gave me somethin' that made me look Chinese (Chinese) I told God to let me down 'cause this is not for me (Not for me) And I usually get the munchies, I don't want nothin' to eat (I don't want nothin' to eat) She try to come get high for free, but she can go and leave (Go) I spend it like it grow on trees, she ain't hurtin' me (Ho) Bitch ain't even get a chance to get the Herm's (Herm's) You can't get high with all these hoes, they give you herpes (They give you herpes)  [Chorus: Gucci Mane] It's fuckin' up my vision how it kicked in (Damn) I'm mixin' up my medicines and it kicked in (Woah) She came in with her friend, then it kicked in (Damn) She just took a lil' bit, it still kicked in (Yeah) It's fuckin' up my vision how it kicked in (Huh) I'm mixin' up my medicines and it kicked in (Woah) She came in with her friend, then it kicked in (Huh) She just took a lil' bit, it still kicked in (Huh) [Outro] (Gangsta Grillz, you bastards) (Gangsta Grizzillz)Embed;
Good Drank;2 Chainz;Hip-Hop;Uhh, alright I did it, hahah, yeah  [Verse 1: 2 Chainz] Used to treat my mattress like the ATM, yeah Bond No. 9 that's my favorite scent, yeah Can't forget the kush, I'm talking OG, yeah Rest in peace to pop, he was an OG, oh yeah 285 I had that pack on me, uh I cannot forget I had that strap on me, yeah Rest in peace to my nigga Doe (Troup) All we ever want to do is ball That was the easy part, we playing that Weezy hard We sit in the kitchen late, we tryna to make an escape Trying to make me a mil', so I'ma keep me a plate I told 'em shawty can leave, so I'ma keep me a rake So I'ma keep me a Wraith, my jewelry look like a lake Today I'm in the Maybach And that car came with some drapes You know I look like a safe, I put you back in your place I look you right in your face, sing to your bitch like I'm Drake Yeah  [Chorus: Quavo] Good drank, big knots Good drugs, I put a four on the rocks (lean!) Drop top, no hot box 12 tried to pull me over, pink slips to the cops She said the molly give her thizz face Put the dick in her rib cage Whips out, Kunta Kinte Diamonds clear like Bombay Take your babies, no Harambe Play with keys like Doc Dre 3K like Andr' And your girl, call her, come through You might also like[Verse 2: Gucci Mane] It's Gucci! Huh (brr!) huh! Your trunk in the front Well check this out my top in the trunk You play with my money Then check this out, yo, poppin' the trunk Three mil in a month But I just did three years on a bunk Oh, you in a slump I'm headed to Oakland like  Kevin Da Runt What is your point? Square with the stamp, for Kevin Durant Lay on on my trap Play with my cap and I'll knock off your hat I'm taking the cheese and killing the rats Gucci Mane, call me the cat with the racks I'm swervin', but I'm in back of the 'Bach I'm Persian, man I got hoes from Iraq I'm servin' I pay a bird for that He nervous, ain't got no words for that He hurt and want all of his purses back He mixing the syrup with the Percocets She perfect and she got perky breasts I just want some of that turkey neck Trapper of the year, I'm from Bouldercrest You snitch of the year cause you told the bis' [Chorus: Quavo] Good drank, big knots Good drugs, I put a four on the rocks Drop top, no hot box 12 tried to pull me over, pink slips to the cops She said the molly give her thizz face Put the dick in her rib cage Whips out Kunta Kinte Diamonds clear like Bombay Take your babies, no Harambe Play with keys like Doc Dre 3K like Andre And your girl, call her, come through  [Outro: 2 Chainz] Ayy, Mike Dean This shit hard as fuck, bruh You a living legend, I appreciate that Ayy, Guwop, I'm glad you home, cuz Quavo, you already know man You got next on these niggas double salute man True shit, 2 Chainz! Hair Weave Killer Daniel Son, the Necklace Don Chapo Jr I mean, I can go on for days49Embed;
GOAT;Gucci Mane;Hip-Hop;You're a big Gucci Mane fan, where did that come from? So I got on to Dr. Dre in about two thou' it was 2002, kind of evolved from that to Eminem And then I had one of my sons' friends, you know, they were kids, ask me did I listen to Gucci Mane, I didn't know who it was (Go Grizz) So as soon as I found him, it was, like, crazy (Wop) But you couldn't get him on' hardly anything on iTunes You had to go to DatPiff.com (B100) All trappers Well, look at him Is that Guwop and Dram back together? (Yeah, Go Grizz) Uh-oh, trappers, we might have a problem (Look out)  [Verse 1: Gucci Mane] Bought my a bitch a brand new 'Wagen, I can't wait to get on it I just bought that brand new 'Rari truck, can't wait to shit on 'em The way these niggas stable, you'd think they got roots or somethin' on 'em (Huh?) The way these niggas dress so boogey, only they grandmama want 'em (Gangsta Grillz, grandmama)  [Interlude: DJ Drama] GOAT this, GOAT that Let's talk about who's the greatest of all trappers (Go Grizz) Not to be offensive, but I' Uh, ha, I think you already know (B100, Gangsta Grillz)  [Verse 1: Gucci Mane] Bought my a bitch a brand new 'Wagen, I can't wait to get on it I just bought that brand new 'Rari truck, can't wait to shit on 'em The way these niggas stable, you'd think they got roots or somethin' on 'em (Huh?) The way these niggas dress so boogey, only they grandmama want 'em All y'all niggas pussy, nigga, fuck your big homie (Gangsta) Before I eat steak with a snake, bitch, I'll go back to bologna (Back to that) The spot look like a gym with all this weight in this bitch (Ayo, B) And I told my play to take a chill because I had take a shit You might also like[Chorus: Gucci Mane] 'Cause I'm the greatest of all trappers And I ain't goin' back and forth with small-time rappers (Damn) I really did go platinum 'fore I went platinum (Plat') I'm a platinum S550, I'm in club platinum, Wop (Plat') I'm the greatest of all trappers (It's Gucci) So I ain't goin' back and forth with small-time rappers (Yeah) I'm the greatest of all trappers You niggas need to go in place 'cause y'all cappers (Cappers) I'm the greatest of all trappers (Go) So I ain't goin' back and forth with small-time rappers (No) I'm the greatest of all trappers You niggas need to go in place 'cause y'all cappers (Gangsta Grillz, Wop)  [Verse 2: Gucci Mane] Your baby mama's unloyal, fact, she say she love the Gucci Mane (She love it) Guwop talkin' rude again, I pull up with them hooligans (Plug) Fuckin' 'round off moraling, I be done in your organs How you got a GoFundMe? I thought you was important (I thought you was important) I be with some mobsters and they be on extortion (They be onto') I'm somethin' like a loan shark when you short on your mortgage (I'm somethin' like a') Run off with your trap sack, you can't get your trap back (You can't get your trap back) When I say I'm the greatest of all trappers, bitch, I stamp that (Bitch, I stamp that)  [Chorus: Gucci Mane & DJ Drama] I'm the greatest of all trappers (It's Gucci) So I ain't goin' back and forth with small-time rappers (Yeah) I'm the greatest of all trappers You niggas need to go in place 'cause y'all cappers (Cappers) I'm the greatest of all trappers (Go) So I ain't goin' back and forth with small-time rappers (No) I'm the greatest of all trappers You niggas need to go in place 'cause y'all cappers (DJ Drama, Wop, Gangsta Grizzillz) [Outro: DJ Drama] Now let's get this shit started SuckersEmbed;
King Snipe;Gucci Mane;Hip-Hop;Shit, I love Guwop though, Zuwop, 'cause I'm a big Z You heard me? Know what I'm sayin'? Shoutout to Gucci, I think that's my dad, you know, I was just jerkin' (I just told Richie we rich) (Boy)  [Verse 1: Kodak Black] Bitch said, "Whoopty-woop, whoopty-woop," I was like, "Bet," know that was lyin' When them bullets had came my way, I say, "I bet Kodak ain't dyin'" We pour murder backwards after, we turned red rum to wine I'm the nigga that smack all the smackers, so I am the biggest stepper, 5'5 I'm a hot boy, my bitch the coldest, yeah, opposite attract You got one time to raise your voice in here, then I'ma get the strap I've been chasin' that boy lik a fly 'round the house, but evntually, I'll get him clapped All I ever had was the trap, I ain't have me no dad, so I got off my dick, yeah, I jacked  [Chorus: Kodak Black] I've been true to this from the jump When I do it, consider it done (Mm-hmm) Fuck a shooter, bitch, 'cause I'm one On point like I'm a dot I'll swap me a body for a swap Put a bag right on his top I got murder all in my eyes, you see it, it's torture in my heart Beat the pot like it's beef with the dope Pop Percs, I don't drink, I don't smoke I'ma leave 'fore I beat on a ho I'm a Z, but I'm P, for sure I bet low-key, she a swoop Need codeine with the boot And I know she cheatin' too But I ain't finna look for proof (Boy) You might also like[Verse 2: Gucci Mane] I triple crossed them 'cause I seen it was planted Tried count me out, must didn't know how to count (What?) Total ring up, it didn't know the amount Expensive new fabrics, I couldn't even pronounce (It's Gucci) No gun policy, stick in the party (Grrah) Hope nobody gets out of they body Got his self hurt, he was full of that molly (Damn) We ain't even wanna have to kill nobody (Woah) Ridin' down Ocean like Fast and the Furious (Gucci) Caught me red-handed, couldn't crack up the jury (Damn) Your boss is a pussy, your artists are scary (Pussy) Just a matter of time 'fore they take all your jewelry (Burr) These young niggas, they done made killin' a sport They brazen, they'll take a switch to New York (Grrah) So crazy, kill a pig, turn him to pork I hope they don't try to use my lyrics in court (It's Gucci)  [Chorus: Kodak Black] I've been true to this from the jump When I do it, consider it done Fuck a shooter, bitch, 'cause I'm one On point like I'm a dot I'll swap me a body for a swap Put a bag right on his top I got murder all in my eyes, you see it, it's torture in my heart Beat the pot like it's beef with the dope Pop Percs, I don't drink, I don't smoke I'ma leave 'fore I beat on a ho I'm a Z, but I'm P, for sure I bet low-key, she a swoop Need codeine with the boot And I know she cheatin' too But I ain't finna look for proof [Verse 3: Kodak Black] And I got juice when I wanna lean I'm smokin' deuce, I pour a three And I got boot, been down on my feet What did I do? Caresha, please, baby Bought you a Ring Pop to be funny I'll take you to Kay's now if you lucky My Pomeranian puppy a Russian I brought this lil' beautiful bitch to the ugly (Boy) And I'm King Snipe and I'm King Tut Yeah, I came tight, you ain't gettin' nothin' Miami nights, fuckin' in the club Shakin' with the dice, it don't really bluff I made a way, it's only us Niggas hatin', don't mean much All I did was run it up  [Chorus: Kodak Black] I've been true to this from the jump (Uh-huh) When I do it, consider it done (It done) Fuck a shooter, bitch, 'cause I'm one (I'm one) On point like I'm a dot I'll swap me a body for a swap (Uh-huh) Put a bag right on his top (Your head) I got murder all in my eyes, you see it, it's torture in my heart (It's there) Beat the pot like it's beef with the dope Pop Percs, I don't drink, I don't smoke I'ma leave 'fore I beat on a ho I'm a Z, but I'm P, for sure (Uh-huh) I bet low-key, she a swoop (A swoop) Need codeine with the boot (And boot, and boot) And I know she cheatin' too But I ain't finna look for proof1Embed;
Swing My Door;Gucci Mane;Hip-Hop;Burn One, Burn One  [Verse 1: Gucci Mane] I'm a gold mouth dawg, definition of the South Ain't no quarters, ain't no halves, just some wholes in 'dis house Ain't no bitch, it ain't no bed, it ain't no clothes in dis house It's a drought, and my price will make yo eyes pop out I can't neva count my stash 'cause I always loose count I can't neva keep no bitch 'cause I put them hoes out I was corner store and in the motel in it, selling it You can check my rap sheet, its numerous felonies I took twenty-three stacks, and bought some jet skis Have pity for the cop who gotta arrest me A front street, jump street, then jump out, it's a track meet Use to have a ten-speed, now I got a Bentley  [Chorus: Gucci Mane] Swing my door, swing my door Every time they swing my door I count 18-5 every time they swing my door Swing my door, swing my door Yeah, them prices real low But they gon' search you up and down Every time they swing my door Swing my door, swing my door And you know they swing my door And it's 18-5 every time they swing my door Swing my door, swing my door Yeah, them prices real low But they gon' search you up and down Every time they swing my door You might also like[Verse 2: Gucci Mane] I got my rims finger-fucked by a god dam J Gave him 1.8 of some hard ass yay It's a lot of crack smokers in the apartments where I stay And I know they name and face 'cause I serve them everyday Had a 98' Caprice, was a rollin' drug store You ain't got all the money, what you call my phone fo'? Rob me, six feet, in the dirt you 'bout to go Layin' with the coroner with a tag placed on your toe I can lock the whole town if I break the shit down But it might be slow, so I'm sellin' shit whole I can lock the whole town if I break the shit down But I'm lettin' shit go and I'm sellin' shit whole  [Chorus: Gucci Mane] Swing my door, swing my door Every time they swing my door I count 18-5 every time they swing my door Swing my door, swing my door Yeah, them prices real low But they gon' search you up and down Every time they swing my door Swing my door, swing my door And you know they swing my door And it's 18-5 every time they swing my door Swing my door, swing my door Yeah, them prices real low But they gon' search you up and down Every time they swing my door [Verse 3: Gucci Mane] Niggas call me "thrift store" 'cause the know the price low I count 18 rubber bands every time I swing my door Breaker, breaker, beaker, beaker Spent 350 on the sneakers It came from servin' geekers Yella' 'Vette nicknamed Chiquta A clear coat Chevy, same color Aquafina Quarter million dollar lick, that changed my whole demeanor Ridin' a scooter through South Beach, lookin' for a Trina bitch Diamond necklace, diamond anklet, diamond princess, Bimmer bitch I change lanes, paint change, hangin' out the brain dawg Bottles of champagne and it came from sellin 'caine dawg Coca-cola, pickin' yola, and it stank, you smell the odor When I sk-sk-sk-sk-skrrt, I bet it jump back over, over Ridin' in my rental, got a Rover in my pocket, though 84 stack, 'bout to take a trip to Mexico Nigga violate, I'ma kill him and slit his throat Smoke a blunt of dro, then take my ho to Pappadeaux's  [Chorus: Gucci Mane] Swing my door, swing my door Every time they swing my door I count 18-5 every time they swing my door Swing my door, swing my door Yeah, them prices real low But they gon' search you up and down Every time they swing my door Swing my door, swing my door And you know they swing my door And it's 18-5 every time they swing my door Swing my door, swing my door Yeah, them prices real low But they gon' search you up and down Every time they swing my door, nigga [Outro: Gucci Mane] That boy Gucci That nigga Burn on the track, nigga Yeah, Gucci Mane, La Flare, nigga Uh-huh, uh-huh;
Leak;Gucci Mane;Hip-Hop;Wop Dram East Atlanta shit, 1017 Y'all ready? (Gangsta Grizzilz)  [Chorus: Gucci Mane] I'm like, "Damn, how this shit leak?" (Fuck) Must done fucked 'round and got too geeked (Damn) Last night you met, she looked like Kim K (Wow) Next day, no makeup, look like Chief Keef (Well, damn) That shit you just dropped, man, that shit weak (Pfft) She suck my dick then clean me up, that bitch a neat freak (Freak) I'm in a presidential suite 'cause my ho is elite (Ho) I'm like six foot three, but my bitch is petite (Lil' ho)  [Verse 1: Gucci Mane] I told her, "Don't leave me, baby," just get on your knees and please me, baby (Woo) I'm like a junki for this bitch, got me hallucinating (Yeah) I showed hr how a gangster move and now she fascinated (Huh) You could've had her but you played, nigga, you procrastinated (Played) He wanna battle, but his shit meek Without no paddle, he up shit creek Jump in that water, it get real deep (Deep) He had a moment, but his shit peaked (Wow) You might also like[Chorus: Gucci Mane] I'm like, "Damn, how this shit leak?" (Shit leak) Must done fucked 'round and got too geeked (Geeked) Last night you met, she looked like Kim K (Kim K) Next day, no makeup, look like Chief Keef (Keef) That shit you just dropped, man, that shit weak (That shit garbage) She suck my dick then clean me up, that bitch a neat freak (A neat freak) I'm in a presidential suite 'cause my ho is elite (My ho) I'm like six foot three, but my bitch is petite (Lil' ho)  [Verse 2: Gucci Mane] I'm in a foreign with somethin' foreign, fuckin' up the road (She foreign) She wanna fuck with my gang, then she gotta fuck with hoes (Wow) I'm in an old-school and it's runnin' like a snotty nose (Ew) And when I think of Bankhead I just think of Shawty Lo (Lo) She think she had her moment with me, but that shit peaked Didn't give her nothin' to eat, then told that bitch to beat her feet (Pew) Asked for a picture, told that ho, "This ain't no meet-and-greet" Asked for some money, I told that bitch, "I'd rather beat my meat" (Wow)  [Chorus: Gucci Mane] I'm like, "Damn, how this shit leak?" (Shit leak) Must done fucked 'round and got too geeked (Geeked) Last night you met, she looked like Kim K (Kim K) Next day, no makeup, look like Chief Keef (Keef) That shit you just dropped, man, that shit weak (That shit garbage) She suck my dick then clean me up, that bitch a neat freak (A neat freak) I'm in a presidential suite 'cause my ho is elite (My ho) I'm like six foot three, but my bitch is petite (Lil' ho) [Outro: DJ Drama] (Gangsta Grizzilz) I don't really like leaks, man When the music leak Don't want a leak in the can Too grown to wanna see anybody leakin' on the street Oh I do like when your girl be leakin' Keep that between me and her, thoughEmbed;
Photoshoot;Gucci Mane;Hip-Hop;Huh (It's a Scalez track, ayy, tell 'em run that) It's Gucci Big Chant (T Kee with the sauce) Big Chant (AJ ruin everything he in) Go  [Verse 1: Enchanting] Ayy, Big Chant got so much stamina, I love fuckin' on camera (Flash) Ferrari, it's a Spider, so I call that bitch tarantula (Skrrt) I'm smokin' on some shit called Pastry, my bitch look like Angela (Phew) Any nigga play with me, I promise I'ma handle him I ain't ready yet, I'm slippin' on my Gucci set My trick bought me a new Patek, I hope he don't think he gettin' no sex (Bling, blaow) Only thing I want is neck, breakin' these niggas, tryna see who next Only nigga my type gon' spend that check, who wan' take me to Wafi and bust my neck (Spend that shit) I need a nigga who gon' pop it 'til I tell him, "Stop it" He ain't gon' play 'cause he know that I'm poppin', he know I got options My diamonds hittin' like they boxin', they say, "Chant obnoxious" Roll this nigga up like he exotic, nigga say I'm toxic  [Chorus: Enchanting & Gucci Mane] When I step, I put it on, it's a photoshoot When I'm in the mall, it's a photoshoot When I'm in the club, it's a photoshoot Red beam, ain't no flash, but when it's on, it's a photoshoot It's a photoshoot, girl, it's a photoshoot It's a photoshoot, girl, it's a photoshoot When I'm with my bitches in the zone, it's a photoshoot Red beam, ain't no flash, but when it's on, it's a photoshoot (Go) You might also like[Verse 2: Gucci Mane] Every time my whips come out, it's a photoshoot (Yeah) My life a video, I'm dead fresh in the vocal booth (Fresh) I hit the mall, they takin' pics like it's a photoshoot (Yeah) I tried to hide, but with the Jacob, they gon' notice you (Skrrt) O to one hundred real quick, that's what this Lotus do (Zoom) We international, but y'all just a lil' local crew (Well, damn) I'm so lit, I charge one hundred for an interview (Wow) You wanna talk for free? Must don't know who you talkin' to (No) I bring my lil' boy to the job and that's a photoshoot (Ice) He got a Patek, ain't even two, that's what I'm 'posed to do (Burr) The paparazzi cameras flash, so let me pose for you (Yeah) I know my foes watchin' my page 'cause that's what hoes will do (It's Gucci)  [Chorus: Enchanting & Gucci Mane] When I step, I put it on, it's a photoshoot When I'm in the mall, it's a photoshoot When I'm in the club, it's a photoshoot Red beam, ain't no flash, but when it's on, it's a photoshoot It's a photoshoot, girl, it's a photoshoot It's a photoshoot, girl, it's a photoshoot When I'm with my bitches in the zone, it's a photoshoot Red beam, ain't no flash, but when it's on, it's a photoshootEmbed;
Chanel Bag (feat. JT);Gucci Mane;Hip-Hop;Brr, brr It's Gucci Brr, brr  [Chorus: Gucci Mane] She don't want no lame nigga, she like drug dealers (Brr, brr) Her pussy ain't for broke niggas, she like rich niggas (Brr, brr) I'ma do her hair, her nails, her toes and keep her fly (It's Gucci) She might get a Chanel purse if her head is fire (Yeah) She don't want no lame nigga, she like drug dealers (Brr, brr) Her pussy ain't for broke niggas, she like rich niggas (Brr, brr) I'ma do her hair, her nails, her toes and keep her fly (Fly, fly) She might get a Chanel purse if hr head is fire (Her had fire)  [Verse 1: Gucci Mane] Yellow four-door coupe, it look like a photoshoot (Yoom) Got a yellow bitch with me and canary yellow juice (Yoom) Buy her Chanel, I got crazy clientele and that's true (And it is true) And if I tell that bitch to jump, then she gon' jump off the roof Act like it's a honeymoon, we ain't even jump the broom (Uh) Suckin' me like a vacuum, man, this bitch must be on shrooms (Ooh) I was tryna keep it cool, no pressure, call me Mr. Smooth When I whip my dick out of my pants, the elephant in the room (Well, damn) And she just broke up with her ex, young nigga didn't have no money (No) A Black girl, but she give head like she a snow bunny (Well, damn) I just gave her five thousand and told her, "It's gas money" (Gas) He be askin', can he borrow? He gambled his last money (Last) You might also like[Chorus: Gucci Mane & JT] She don't want no lame nigga, she like drug dealers (Brr, brr) Her pussy ain't for broke niggas, she like rich niggas (Rich niggas) I'ma do her hair, her nails, her toes and keep her fly (Keep her fly) She might get a Chanel purse if her head is fire (Her head is fire) She don't want no lame nigga, she like drug dealers (Drug dealers) Her pussy ain't for broke niggas, she like rich niggas (Yeah) I'ma do her hair, her nails, her toes and keep her fly (City Cinderella) She might get a Chanel purse if her head is fire (Uh)  [Verse 2: JT] I give bad bitch, these bitches don't give that (They don't) He was your lifeline, ho, I came and killed that (I did) I love to show off, bitch, that's why the top back (Skrrt) I know your stalkin' ass seen a ho top that (Hi) Only get high overseas, ho Microdosin' in a thong, smokin' weed, ho Watch what you say, bitch Fuck what you mean, ho (Fuck what you mean, ho) I'm the real deal, you the meme, ho Hoes hate me, but I'm still gon' stunt (Fuck 'em) Chanel bags, got three this month (Bags) Bail hoppin' with a thief and a pump Presi' on my wrist, I scam like Trump (Not guilty) I post it twice, just to rub it in (Haha) I'm Keisha fine, bitch, show your friend [Chorus: Gucci Mane] She don't want no lame nigga, she like drug dealers (Drugs) Her pussy ain't for broke niggas, she like rich niggas (Rich) I'ma do her hair, her nails, her toes and keep her fly (Fly, fly) She might get a Chanel purse if her head is fire (Her head fire) She don't want no lame nigga, she like drug dealers (Brr, brr) Her pussy ain't for broke niggas, she like rich niggas (Rich niggas) I'ma do her hair, her nails, her toes and keep her fly (Fly, fly) She might get a Chanel purse if her head is fire (Her head fire)Embed;
Obsessed (feat. Mariah Carey);Gucci Mane;Hip-Hop;I was like, "Why are you so obsessed with me?"  [Verse 1: Gucci Mane & Mariah Carey] I guess shorty mad he don't got you no more (So oh, oh, oh, oh) So just like Pinocchio, his nose gon' grow (So oh, oh, oh, oh) Gucci Mane, Mariah Carey bling blaw wow (So oh, oh, oh, oh) I wish I had a lie detector test right now (So oh, oh, oh, oh) He hit my girl, word? Oh that's what you heard? (So oh, oh, oh, oh) He know he a bird, I know he a nerd (So oh, oh, oh, oh) Catch me in the A with a bad yellow bone (So oh, oh, oh, oh) 9, 10, 11, 12 diamond chains on (So oh, oh, oh, oh)  [Verse 2: Mariah Carey] All up in the blogs Saying we met at the bar When I don't even know who you are Say we up in your house Saying I'm up in your car But you in LA and I'm out at Jermaine's I'm up in the A, you're so, so lame And no one here even mentions your name It must be the weed, it must be the E Cause you be poppin', hood, you get it poppin Oooh whooa See Mariah Carey LiveGet tickets as low as $44You might also like[Chorus: Mariah Carey & Gucci Mane] Why you so obsessed with me? Boy, I wanna know (Why, why? Why? Why? Why? Why?) Lying that you're sexing me, when everybody knows (Huh, huh) It's clear that you're upset with me, oh oh oh (Damn, damn) Finally found a girl that you couldn't impress (Huh, Huh!) Last man on the earth, still couldn't get this (Huh, Huh!) You're delusional, you're delusional (Huh!) Boy, you're losing your mind (Crazy) It's confusing, yo, you're confused, you know Why you wasting your time? (Heh, Pshh!) Got you all fired up with your Napoleon complex (Pshh! Pshh!) Seeing right through you like you're bathing in Windex (Huh, Huh, Huh!)  [Post-Chorus: Mariah Carey & Gucci Mane] Oh, oh, oh (Oh, oh, oh!) Boy, why you so obsessed with me? (Huh) So oh, oh, oh, oh (Oh, oh, oh Why? Why?) So oh, oh, oh, oh (And all my ladies sing) So oh, oh, oh, oh (Yeah!) So oh, oh, oh, oh (And all the girls say) (Gucci!) O-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o (Obsessed) (Huh, Huh, Huh, Huh!) O-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o (Obsessed) (Huh, Huh!) O-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o (Obsessed) (Spend Gucci! Gucci) O-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o (Obsessed) (Huh, Huh!)  [Verse 3: Gucci Mane] If you sexy and you fine baby put your hands up (Huh!) And tell your ex-boyfriend to get his bands up (Yeah!) Don't lying know your stick, homeboy, man up (Huh) All my real get money ballers, stand up (Huh, Huh) You see her with the kid, you know what it is (Huh! Gucci!) If the girl flawless, you what we did (Burr!) Shorty stay fresh, got 'em obsessed (Fresh! 'Sed!) Simply cause she blessed, you know she the best, yes (Blessed! Yeah!) [Verse 4: Mariah Carey] You on your job, you hittin' hard Ain't gon' feed you, I'mma let you starve Graspin' for air, I'm ventilation You out of breath, hope you ain't waitin' Tellin' the world how much you miss me But we never were so why you trippin'? You a mom and pop, I'm a corporation I'm the press conference, you're a conversation  [Chorus: Mariah Carey & Gucci Mane] Why you so obsessed with me? Boy, I wanna know (Why, why? Why? Why? Why? Why?) Lying that you're sexing me, when everybody knows (Huh, huh) It's clear that you're upset with me, oh oh oh (Heh, Huh, Huh!) Finally found a girl that you couldn't impress (Huh, Huh!) Last man on the earth, still couldn't get this (Huh, Huh!) You're delusional, you're delusional Boy, you're losing your mind (Crazy) It's confusing, yo, you're confused, you know Why you wasting your time? (Heh, huh!) Got you all fired up with your Napoleon complex (Huh, huh!) Seeing right through you like you're bathing in Windex  [Post-Chorus: Mariah Carey, Gucci Mane & The-Dream] Oh, oh, oh (Huh, Huh, Huh!) Boy, why you so obsessed with me? So oh, oh, oh, oh (Oh, oh, oh Huh!) So oh, oh, oh, oh (And all my ladies sing) (Hey! Hey!) (Yeah!) So oh, oh, oh, oh (Yeah! It's Gucci!) So oh, oh, oh, oh (And all the girls say) (Huh!) O-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o (Obsessed) (Huh! Wow! Huh! Wow!) O-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o (Obsessed) (Huh!) O-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o (Obsessed) (Huh, Huh!) O-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o (Obsessed) (Huh! Heh!) [Outro-Chorus: Mariah Carey, Gucci Mane & The-Dream] Ooh whoa oh, whoa whoa (Hey, he's all up in my George Foreman) Why you so obsessed with me? Boy, I wanna know (Hey, hey, hey, hey) (Why? Why? Why? Why?) Lying that you're sexing me, when everybody knows (Lying that you're sexing Mimi) (Hey, hey, hey, hey) It's clear that you're upset with me, oh oh oh (Eh!) (Heh, Huh, Huh!) Finally found a girl that you couldn't impress (Huh, Huh!) Last man on the earth, still couldn't get this (No) (Huh, Huh!) You're delusional, you're delusional (He's all up in my George Foreman) Boy, you're losing your mind It's confusing, yo, you're confused, you know Why you wasting your time? (Me & Mariah go back like Oscar Mayer) Got you all fired up with your Napoleon complex Seeing right through you like you're bathing in Windex (You love me, you love me, you really, really love me) (Huh, huh!)1Embed;
4 Lifers;Gucci Mane;Hip-Hop;Ayy, Wop, let me give you your flowers You know you gave life to the culture (Huh?) Know they tried to give you life (Wop) And you put your life on the line for this shit (Honorable C.N.O.T.E., go, go) I got you for life, my nigga  [Chorus: Gucci Mane & DJ Drama] Six-figure striker, two hundred titles (Yeah, huh) I hit your idol, top off the Spider Don't need a writer, know you a biter DP to Metro, guess who the driver (It's Gucci, huh?) Millions on millions, I'm clutchin' a rifle I set the trend, now she diggin' my Nikes (Well, damn) Pav' the Cuban, I'm Gucci so icy (Brr) Mob in this bitch with a hundred for-lifers (DJ Drama)  [Verse 1: Gucci Mane] Head on a thousand, I'm starting to like her Tried to charge me a thousand, I dodged like a biker Couple thousand gon' turn that lil' ho to a dyke She eat out her buddy, I beat it like Mike (Yeah) Richer than rich, I'm really the shit (Huh?) I live in the mix, bigger than this No, you can't get a kid, just eat on this dick You lil' bitty bitch, I'm fuckin' your sis (Lil' bitty bitch) Fresh as a bitch, check out the kicks G-lock and a switch make you twist into Swiss This Patek so icy, I can make her fizz This one-of-one, bitch, I know they ain't on this (Brr) Yeah, I might leave that bitch in my will (Yeah) Yeah, two stones, a mil' in my ear (Huh, brr) Yeah, no loan, no tab, no bill (Yeah, huh) Yeah, ride the May' like an orange and peel (Skrrt) You might also like[Chorus: Gucci Mane] Six-figure striker, two hundred titles I hit your idol, top off the Spider (Huh) Don't need a writer, know you a biter DP to Metro, guess who the driver (It's Gucci) Millions on millions, I'm clutchin' a rifle I set the trend, now she diggin' my Nikes (Well, damn) Pav' the Cuban, I'm Gucci so icy (Brr) Mob in this bitch with a hundred for-lifers (It's Gucci) Six-figure striker, two hundred titles (Yeah, huh?) I hit your idol, top off the Spider Don't need a writer, know you a biter DP to Metro, guess who the driver (It's Gucci) Millions on millions, I'm clutchin' a rifle I set the trend, now she diggin' my Nikes (Well, damn) Pav' the Cuban, I'm Gucci so icy (Brr) Mob in this bitch with a hundred for-lifers (It's Gucci)  [Verse 2: Gucci Mane] I'm the first one put the 6 on the map I feel like it's '06, the shooters are strapped (Yeah) Watch what you say 'cause the phone could be tapped At the mansion with Iceland, she takin' a nap Just like the Arctic, these rappers be cap They like a newborn baby, they need to be slapped Ridin' with your bitch, got her head in my lap Throw 'way the gun, we got blood on the strap (No) Cold as a Frigidaire, I don't really give a care Walk out the bank with the cash like I'm Vivica (Go) The money attract me, who cares 'bout the physical? Rejected the trade 'cause she couldn't pass the physical (No) Black Gucci duffel, I'm jumpin' on jets He think that he me 'cause he fuckin' my ex I got some young niggas spinnin' on bikes Just bring me his head and tell me the price [Chorus: Gucci Mane] Six-figure striker, two hundred titles (Yeah, huh?) I hit your idol, top off the Spider Don't need a writer, know you a biter (Damn) DP to Metro, guess who the driver (It's Gucci) Millions on millions, I'm clutchin' a rifle I set the trend now she diggin' my Nikes (Well, damn) Pav' the Cuban, I'm Gucci so icy Mob in this bitch with a hundred for-lifers (It's Gucci) Six figure striker, two hundred titles (Yeah, huh?) I hit your idol, top off the spider Don't need a writer, know you a biter DP to Metro, guess who the driver (It's Gucci) Millions on millions, I'm clutchin' a rifle I set the trend now she diggin' my Nikes (Well, damn) Pav' the Cuban, I'm Gucci so icy Mob in this bitch with a hundred for-lifers (It's Gucci)  [Outro: DJ Drama] (Gangsta Grizzilz) Greatest of all trappersEmbed;
do re mi (feat. Gucci Mane);blackbear;Hip-Hop;Charli XCX - Boys Skrillex & Poo Bear - Would You Ever Kesha - Learn To Let Go Thomas Rhett - Unforgettable The Killers - Run For Cover Snakehips & Anne-Marie - Either Way feat. Joey Bada$$ Future - You Da Baddest feat. Nicki Minaj Purity Ring - Asido Elohim - Sleepy Eyes feat. Whethan Blackbear - do re mi feat. Gucci Mane Dimitri Vegas & Like Mike & David Guetta - Complicated feat. Kiiara Macklemore - Marmalade feat. Lil Yachty Lil Pump - Ok feat. Smokepurpp PnB Rock - Feelins Arcade Fire - Chemistry B'RNS - Faded Heart Ella Vos - In Your Corner Amin' - Spice Girl NoMBe - Bad Girls Canon Blue - Beholden Gryffin - Love In Ruins feat. Sinead Harnett Luke Christopher - Can't Sleep Joan - love somebody like you G4SHI - 24 Hours Coast Modern - Run It Up Passion Pit - I'm Perfect Joywave - Little Lies You're Told Phora - Snakes Jessie Ware - Midnight James TW - Please Keep Loving Me Capital Kings - Don't Wanna Wake Up James Cherry - On My Mind Dave East - Perfect feat. Chris Brown KWAYE - Sweetest Life DaVido - Pere feat. Rae Sremmurd & Young Thug Vic Mensa - We Could Be Free feat. Ty Dolla $ign Cheat Codes & Nicky Romero - Sober Timeflies - Are We There Yet feat. Chase Rice Brett Eldredge - No Stopping You Passenger - Simple Song Ciaran Lavery - Everything Is Made to Last DRAM - Cute (Remix) feat. Cardi B Sabrina Claudio - Belong To You Dub' - Pretty Girls on Bikes Benjamin Gibbard - I Don't Know Billie Eilish - my boy FRND - Movies Huntar - Pony feat. Gucci Mane The Japanese House - Landslide (Recorded At Spotify Studios NYC)Embed;
Do the Math;Gucci Mane;Hip-Hop;Chyeah, chyeah, yeah, yeah Uhh, uhh, wow, wow, phew, phew Zay, yeah, yeah, burr, burr, burr   18 bands, I done sold another thang (Yeah) 10 grand cash, that'll get ya bout a half (Yeah) 3 point 5 that's a hundred dollar slab (Phew phew) 13 hundred for a baby, pussy nigga do the math Tractor-trailer truck and it's full of that mid (Wow) Caravan baby and it's loaded down with bricks (Wow) Got a tractor-trailer truck and it's full of that mid (Wow, phew phew) Got a caravan baby and it's loaded down with bricks, uh   Kilos stacked up, thirty's on my lack-truck Re-up half a mil, pills, I'ma vacuum seal Gucci, Truly, life of my movie Woke up this morning bought an 08 dually 07 Charger SRT bitch Sittin' on Ashanti's, trunk just beatin' Dubs just breathin', old folks peekin' Somebody bitch gettin' fucked this evening Gucci got clugs, that's the slang in Cleveland I'm so gangsta, he so corny I'm so hood that ya bitch got horny Cookin' up a brick 7:30 in the morning (It's Gucci) You might also like 18 bands, I done sold another thang (Yeah) 10 grand cash, that'll get ya bout a half (Yeah) 3 point 5 that's a hundred dollar slab (Phew phew) 13 hundred for a baby, pussy nigga do the math Tractor-trailer truck and it's full of that mid (Wow) Caravan baby and it's loaded down with bricks (Wow) Got a tractor-trailer truck and it's full of that mid (Wow, phew phew) Got a caravan baby and it's loaded down with bricks, uh   My vette burgandy, Hummer snow white And I bought 'em same day, true story real light See my right wrist ice me out like a bitch I got so much money, I can ice my clique Put ice on the bitch, put ice on my fists See them diamonds on my rims, that's some million dollar slims I'm a cocaine chef, and I love myself Waitin' on Gucci to fall off, better hold your breathe 'Cause the donk look clear, Malibu look stealth Got so much money I'ma ice my belt See my donk look clear, Malibu look stealth Got so much money, I'ma ice my belt (Gucci)   18 bands, I done sold another thang (Yeah) 10 grand cash, that'll get ya bout a half (Yeah) 3 point 5 that's a hundred dollar slab (Phew phew) 13 hundred for a baby, pussy nigga do the math Tractor-trailer truck and it's full of that mid (Wow) Caravan baby and it's loaded down with bricks (Wow) Got a tractor-trailer truck and it's full of that mid (Wow, phew phew) Got a caravan baby and it's loaded down with bricks, uh  Call me Pizza Hut 'cause I sell a lot of pies In the drought, I might get 23 of them guys 23 of them grams? That's a whole lot of mans See my plug Afghanistan, get my pills from Pakistan Sold a lot of grams, got them graham crackers man Green and yellow donk, It's my Green Bay Packer Van I don't understand, I don't really like the chicks See I'm known in the 6 for sellin' all them fuckin' bricks (Gucci)   18 bands, I done sold another thang (Yeah) 10 grand cash, that'll get ya bout a half (Yeah) 3 point 5 that's a hundred dollar slab (Phew phew) 13 hundred for a baby, pussy nigga do the math Tractor-trailer truck and it's full of that mid (Wow) Caravan baby and it's loaded down with bricks (Wow) Got a tractor-trailer truck and it's full of that mid (Wow, phew phew) Got a caravan baby and it's loaded down with bricks, uh1Embed;
I Told Myself;Gucci Mane;Hip-Hop;I can't never go broke, I already told myself that I can't let these haters trick off the streets, I already told myself that I'm the greatest of all trappers, I already told myself that I ain't never drinkin' that lean shit no more, I already told myself that Guwop (Honorable C.N.O.T.E., Dramatic)  [Chorus: Gucci Mane] I'm on the road to the riches, I already told myself (I told myself) I ain't goin' back to the trenches, I already told myself (I told myself) Can't fuck no more regular bitches, I already told myself (I told myself, regular bitches) No regular gun, we need switches, I alredy told myself (Grrah, grrah, grrah, grrah, I told myself) You gon' get dropped if you snitchin', I already told myself (Just told myself) I'm 'bout to run up a billion, that's what I just told myself (Just told myself, cha-cha-cha-ching) I don't need nobody else, that's what I just told myself (Just told myself, nobody else) I'm the last real nigga left, that's what I just told myself (Just told myself, last real nigga)  [Verse 1: Gucci Mane] I don't need you hold me down, I can hold down myself (Hold down myself) No need to cap me down, I ain't finna hold my breath (Finna hold my breath) I don't need nobody 'round me, I can be around myself (Be around  myself) I don't really need no artist, I can just sign myself (I can sign myself) I had to find myself, I had to remind myself (Had to remind myself) Put the old Wop on the shelf, I had to rewind myself (Protect my health) It's just me and the fam', fuck everybody else (Fuck everybody else) I'm cuttin' everybody off, that's what I just told myself (I just told myself) I ain't sippin' lean no more, had already told myself (Just told myself) Said I wasn't poppin' no beans, I guess I couldn't control myself (Control myself) I ain't fuckin' them bad bitches, I had been just told myself (I had told myself) And all my artists go platinum, but I can go gold myself (I go gold myself) You might also like[Chorus: Gucci Mane] I'm on the road to the riches, I already told myself (I told myself) I ain't goin' back to the trenches, I already told myself (I told myself) Can't fuck no more regular bitches, I already told myself (I told myself, regular bitches) No regular gun, we need switches, I alredy told myself (Grrah, grrah, grrah, grrah, I told myself) You gon' get dropped if you snitchin', I already told myself (Just told myself) I'm 'bout to run up a billion, that's what I just told myself (Just told myself, cha-cha-cha-ching) I don't need nobody else, that's what I just told myself (Just told myself, nobody else) I'm the last real nigga left, that's what I just told myself (Just told myself, last real nigga)  [Verse 2: Gucci Mane] I'm the greatest trapper alive, a lot of niggas disagree (Disagree) Everybody gettin' a lil' money, but they ain't get money like me (Not money like me) All they albums be weak, all they jewelry look cheap (They jewelry be garbage) Every time they speak, they be lyin' through they teeth (They be lyin') Every time you see me, I look like five hundred million (Five hundred mil') With diamonds in my grill and diamonds on my children (Burr, burr) I move just like a mob boss, I'm not even Sicilian (Not even Sicilian) The neighbors see me and think I'm just a regular civilian (Just a regular civilian) A lot of niggas jumped ship, didn't see the vision (Go, go) Probably have a billion now if I didn't go to prison (Have a billion) Can't even count my money, my shit be comin' in pounds (Comin' in pounds) And I got more money than all them, I'm just thinkin' out loud (I'm thinkin' out loud)  [Chorus: Gucci Mane] I'm on the road to the riches, I already told myself (I told myself) I ain't goin' back to the trenches, I already told myself (I told myself) Can't fuck no more regular bitches, I already told myself (I told myself, regular bitches) No regular gun, we need switches, I alredy told myself (Grrah, grrah, grrah, grrah, I told myself) You gon' get dropped if you snitchin', I already told myself (Just told myself) I'm 'bout to run up a billion, that's what I just told myself (Just told myself, cha-cha-cha-ching) I don't need nobody else, that's what I just told myself (Just told myself, nobody else) I'm the last real nigga left, that's what I just told myself (Just told myself, Gangsta Grillz) [Outro: DJ Drama] See, you gotta tell yourself the things you want in life You gotta tell yourself the greatness you want to accomplish You gotta tell yourself I will be on that Mount Rushmore Who else gon' tell you? LegendaryEmbed;
10AM/Save The World (feat. Gucci Mane);Metro Boomin;Hip-Hop;Yeah Yeah, good mornin', America Huh, came so far 'Times just wake up, man You know, just look at the water Put on the water  [Chorus: Gucci Mane] The sun ain't even up yet, I'm thinkin' 'bout the check (Wop) Woke up in the mornin', bust down me a brick Gave Metro a million, told him not to quit (True) East Atlanta, Zone 6, Gucci really rich (Rich) Plus, they keep bud in the kitchen, fuck some eggs and grits Jimmy Henchman with the shipment, I sold a lot of shit Heard I killed a man allegedly, but I didn't bust a head (Hah) The way they mixin' up the medicine, I might just grow some dreads (Uh)  [Verse 1: Gucci Mane] It's a bad bitch on the elevator, I'ma let her in Let your hater be a motivator, I can't let you win He a genius, human calculator, stack it by the ten Put the Lambo on the elevator, bring it to the den Put the Mustang by the balcony, I'm fly like Peter Pan I'm so glad they turned they back on me 'cause we wasn't really friends (No) And it ain't even ten and I woke up on a ten (Huh) And I don't need no pen, no I don't need no pad (Wizop) You might also like[Chorus: Gucci Mane] The sun ain't even up yet, I'm thinkin' 'bout the check (Huh) Woke up in the mornin', bust down me a brick (Skrrt) Gave Metro a million, told him not to quit (Metro) East Atlanta, Zone 6, Gucci really rich Plus, they keep bud in the kitchen, fuck some eggs and grits Jimmy Henchman with the shipment, I sold a lot of shit Heard I killed a man allegedly, but I didn't bust a head The way they mixin' up the medicine, I might just grow some dreads  [Verse 2: Gucci Mane] Gotta keep them snipers wit' me, dawg I got more enemies than 50, dawg (Huh?) He popped a Percocet, he noddin' off (Wow) On high alert, they just might pop it off (Shh) 11 o'clock, she popped an Adderall (Huh?) That bitch so bougie, yeah she bad and all (Muah) That bitch so thick, you know she lit and all It's Gucci Mane, you know it's bricks involved (Skrrt, skrrt)  [Chorus: Gucci Mane] The sun ain't even up yet, I'm thinkin' 'bout the check ('Bout it) Woke up in the mornin', bust down me a brick Gave Metro a million, told him not to quit East Atlanta, Zone 6, Gucci really rich Plus, they keep bud in the kitchen, fuck some eggs and grits Jimmy Henchman with the shipment, I sold a lot of shit Heard I killed a man allegedly, but I didn't bust a head The way they mixin' up the medicine, I might just grow some dreads [Outro] When they don't understand the fight I want you to tell them what you want them to do Most of all save us I know you can Oh, I said... Save the world Save the world Save the world I would like for the horns to talk to you right now;
I Do This;Paper Route EMPIRE;Hip-Hop;1017 (Ayy, yo, BandPlay) PRE  [Chorus: Key Glock] Fuck what they talkin' 'bout I've been gettin' my cake and runnin' wild since a lil' child Yeah, gettin' it every day, I'm workin' sun up 'til the sun down Yeah, I'm gettin' it every day, these niggas hatin', tryna see how I do this shit  [Verse 1: Key Glock] Bitch, I'm not new to this, I'm true to this, you grew to this I got that thirty on me, that ruler clip, I'll do you in Shoot you and all your friends, yeah, I'm goin' ten for ten Yeah, these niggas hoes, they ain't gon' touch a hair on my chinny-chin Yeah, big PRE championship ring 'cause all I do is win Yeah, big old Glock, riding down the street up in a big old Benz Huh, hop out designer with J's again? Yeah, I set that trend Uh, I used to drip, now I drench Huh, yeah, bitch, I drench Uh, yeah, I've been buyin' so much shit, it don't make no sense Yeah, all my exes throwin' fits, they missed out on the kid Yeah, no matter how much money I get, I'll never pay a bitch Or never pay attention, nigga Uh, yeah, I'm paralyzed, I got no feelings Yeah, I got no feelings for these lil' scandalous-ass bitches Yeah, when it come to gettin' money, bitch, I'm so persistent Yeah, bitch, I'm so precise Uh, you know I got stripes, ayy You might also like[Chorus: Key Glock] Fuck what they talkin' 'bout I've been gettin' my cake and runnin' wild since a lil' child Yeah, gettin' it every day, I'm workin' sun up 'til the sun down Yeah, I'm gettin' it every day, these niggas hatin', tryna see how (How) I do this shit  [Post-Chorus: Key Glock & Gucci Mane] I do it, I do it, I do it, yeah, I do this shit (I do this shit, I do this shit) Yeah, I do it, I do it, yeah, I do this shit (I do this shit, I do this shit Huh?) Yeah, I do it, yeah, I do it, yeah, I do this shit (I do this shit, I do this shit, Wop) Yeah, I do it, I do it, yeah, I do this shit (I do this shit, I do this shit, nigga)  [Verse 2: Gucci Mane] Stop the track, Glock, R.I.P. to George Floyd (Stop) I'm Gucci Mane La Flare, my watch cost way more than Floyd's (Well, damn) These niggas broke as hell and it's obvious to see (I see) Gucci-ology, these niggas be studying me (Wow) Get up off my dick like a bitch, like a bitch (Bitch) Fuck a gang, I don't need a clique, I'm the shit (Pfft) Glock young and rich, he got whips, matching fits (Glizzock) I ain't try to sign in Paper Route, ain't signin' shit (No) Glock be 'bout his Gs, he a G just like me (It's Gucci) How you just got signed but you broke? That's not we (Well, damn) 1017, South Memphis, East Atlanta in the East (EA) I'm the one that shot 'em, got you screamin', "R.I.P." (Grah, grah) [Chorus: Key Glock] Fuck what they talkin' 'bout I've been gettin' my cake and runnin' wild since a lil' child Yeah, gettin' it every day, I'm workin' sun up 'til the sun down Yeah, I'm gettin' it every day, these niggas hatin', tryna see how (How) I do this shit  [Post-Chorus: Key Glock] I do it, I do it, I do it, yeah, I do this shit (I do this shit, I do this shit) Yeah, I do it, I do it, yeah, I do this shit (I do this shit, I do this shit) Yeah, I do it, yeah, I do it, I do this shit (I do this shit, I do this shit) Yeah, I do it, I do it, yeah, I do this shit (I do this shit, I do this shit, nigga)4Embed;
That's What I Like (feat. Gucci Mane);Bruno Mars;Hip-Hop;Shawn Mendes - There's Nothing Holdin' Me Back Luis Fonsi & Daddy Yankee - Despacito feat. Justin Bieber Lana Del Rey - Lust for Life feat. The Weeknd Dua Lipa - Lost In Your Light feat. Miguel Blackbear - make daddy proud Paramore - Hard Times Big Boi - Mic Jack feat. Adam Levine Incubus - Loneliest Beatrich - About Sigrid - Plot Twist Lady Gaga - The Cure COIN - Feeling Jillian Jacqueline - Reasons M' - Nights With You Youngr - Monsters Bruno Mars - That's What I Like feat. Gucci Mane DJ Shadow - Systematic feat. Nas Tash Sultana - Murder to the Mind Amy Shark - Drive You Mad Aaron Espe - Yourself Shallou - Fictions AFSHeeN - Pull Me from the Waves feat. Nisha Linkin Park - Heavy (Nicky Romero Remix) feat. Kiiara Blackbear - hell is where i dreamt of u and woke up alone Yoke Lore - Only You London Grammar - Oh Woman Oh Man Joywave - Content Rise Against - The Violence Have Mercy - Good Christian Man Two Friends - Emily feat. James Delaney Flor - overbehind Bleachers - Hate That You Know Me Brad Paisley - Drive of Shame feat. Mick Jagger MisterWives - Drummer Boy Allday - Baby Spiders feat. Mallrat Anne-Marie - Ciao Adios (Thomas Rasmus Chill Mix) Mike Perry - Body to Body feat. Imani Williams Big Boi - Kill Jill feat. Killer Mike & Jeezy Jessie Reyez - Blue Ribbon feat. Tim Suby D.R.A.M. - Gilligan feat. A$AP Rocky & Juicy J Malay - Shaolin's Theme / Pray feat. 6LACK Omarion - BDY ON ME Alex Aiono - Question Brandon Beal & Olivia Holt - Paradise Kid Ink - Lottery RINNGS - Cutting the Cloth Pool Cosby - Lookin' Up feat. valentein Jacob Banks - Mercy NoMB & New Mystics - Can't Catch Me Chris Stapleton - Last Thing I Needed, First Thing This Morning Stalking Gia - Siren Airling - Give Me All You Got Jasmine Thompson - Wonderland (intro) Biotin Babies - Not Enough Anik Khan - Kites GOLDHOUSE - Sex On Me Thrupence - Alethea feat. Edward Vanzet Shawn Hook - Reminding Me feat. Vanessa Hudgens Panama - Hope for Something Lo Moon - Loveless (Hudson Mohawke Remix) Joe Goddard - Electric Lines Jazz At Lincoln Center Orchestra - 2 Degrees East, 3 Degrees West feat. Wynton Marsalis & Jon Batiste Haux - Touch Amtrac - Some of Them feat. MELI Zipper Club - Regrets1Embed;
The Breaks;Kurtis Blow;Hip-Hop;Clap your hands everybody If you got what it takes 'Cause I'm Kurtis Blow and I want you to know That these are the breaks  [Hook 1] Brakes on a bus, brakes on a car Breaks to make you a superstar Breaks to win and breaks to lose But these here breaks will rock your shoes And these are the breaks Break it up, break it up, break it up!   If your woman steps out with another man (That's the breaks, that's the breaks!) And she runs off with him to Japan (That's the breaks, that's the breaks!) And the IRS says they want to chat (That's the breaks, that's the breaks!) And you can't explain why you claimed your cat (That's the breaks, that's the breaks!) And Ma Bell sends you a whopping bill (That's the breaks, that's the breaks!) With 18 phone calls to Brazil (That's the breaks, that's the breaks!) And you borrowed money from the mob (That's the breaks, that's the breaks!) And yesterday you lost your job (That's the breaks, that's the breaks!) Well, these are the breaks Break it up, break it up, break it up You might also like[Bridge 1] Throw your hands up in the sky And wave 'em round from side to side And if you deserve a break tonight Somebody say alright! (All right) Say ho-oo! (Ho-oo!) You don't stop Keep on, somebody scream! (Owwwww!) Break down!  [Hook 2] Breaks on a stage, breaks on a screen Breaks to make your wallet lean Breaks run cold and breaks run hot Some folks got 'em and some have not But these are the breaks Break it up, break it up, break it up Break down!  [Bridge 2] To the girl in brown, stop messing around (Break it up, break it up!) To the guy in blue, whatcha gonna do? (Break it up, break it up!) And to the girl in green, don't be so mean (Break it up, break it up!) And the guy in red, say what I said (Break it up, break it up!) Break down! [Hook 3] Brakes on a plane, brakes on a train Breaks to make you go insane Breaks in love, breaks in war But we got the breaks to get you on the floor And these are the breaks Break it up, break it up, break it up Break down! Yo!  [Interlude] Just do it, just do it, just do it, do it, do it! Just do it, just do it, just do it, do it, do it! Just do it, just do it, just do it, do it, do it! Just do it, just do it, just do it, do it, do it!   You say last week you met the perfect guy (That's the breaks, that's the breaks!) And he promised you the stars in the sky (That's the breaks, that's the breaks!) He said his Cadillac was gold (That's the breaks, that's the breaks!) But he didn't say it was 10 years old (That's the breaks, that's the breaks!) He took you out to the Red Coach grill (That's the breaks, that's the breaks!) But he forgot the cash and you paid the bill (That's the breaks, that's the breaks!) And he told you the story of his life (That's the breaks, that's the breaks!) But he forgot the part about... his wife! Huh! Huh! (That's the breaks, that's the breaks!) Well, these are the breaks! Break it up, break it up, break it up! Break down!11Embed;
Basketball;Kurtis Blow;Hip-Hop;They're playing basketball We love that basketball They're playing basketball We love that basketball   (Now rapping basketball -- Number 1, Kurtis Blow) Basketball is my favorite sport I like the way they dribble up and down the court Just like I'm the king on the microphone So is Dr. J and Moses Malone I like slam dunks, take me to the hoop My favorite play is the alley-oop I like the pick-and-roll, I like the give-and-go 'Cause it's basketball, uh, Mister Kurtis Blow   They're playing basketball We love that basketball They're playing basketball We love that basketball   I used to go to dinner, then take the girl To see Tiny play against Earl The Pearl And Wilt, Big O, and Jerry West Play basketball at it's very best Basketball has always been my thing I like Magic, Bird, and Bernard King And number 33, my man Kareem Is the center on my starting team You might also like(To the hoop, y'all, watch out, watch out In yo' face, now here comes the rest)   Clyde, Rick Barry, and Pistol Pete Now these players could never be beat Isiah, and Iceman too Just give 'em the ball, and then you chalk up two Dantley and Wilkins are on the scene And Ralph Sampson is really mean Bill Russell didn't take no junk And Darryl Dawkins got a monster dunk   Tell me, were you in the joint The night Wilt scored 100 points? Or when Celtics won titles back-to-back And didn't give nobody no kind of slack? Or when Dr. J shook the whole damn team With moves that came right out of a dream? Or when Willis Reed stood so tall Playing D with desire? It's basketball!   They're playing basketball We love that basketball They're playing basketball We love that basketball  I get the ball and then I go and play Like a superstar in the NBA The forwards, the centers, and all the guards The ones you see on the bubblegum cards Me and homeboy would go one-on-one 'Cause playing the game is a lot of fun Sit by the TV and watch 'em all 'Cause Kurtis Blow is rapping basketball12Embed;
Joy And Pain;Frankie Beverly;Hip-Hop; [Verse 1: Frankie Beverly] Remember when you first found love how you felt so good Kind that last forever more so you thought it would Suddenly the things you see got you hurt so bad, so bad How come the things that makes us happy makes us sad? It seems to me  [Chorus: Frankie Beverly] Joy and pain are like sunshine and rain Joy and pain are like sunshine and rain, woo  [Bridge: Frankie Beverly] Love can be bitter, love can be sweet Sometimes devotion, and sometimes deceit The ones that you care for give you so much pain Oh, but it's alright, they're both one in the same  [Verse 2: Frankie Beverly] Listen Don't it seem we go through life going up and down Seems the things that turn you on turn you around Always hurting each other (If it ain't one thing it's another) When the world is down on you, love's somewhere around And I want you to know that joy You might also like[Chorus: Frankie Beverly] Joy and pain are like sunshine and rain Joy and pain are like sunshine and rain Joy and pain are like sunshine and rain (One more time) Joy and pain are like sunshine and rain  [Bridge: Frankie Beverly] Over and over you can be sure There will be sorrow but you will endure (You will endure) Where there's a flower, there's the sun and the rain Oh, but it's wonderful, they're both one in the same  [Chorus: Frankie Beverly] Joy and pain are like sunshine and rain Joy and pain are like sunshine and rain (Do it one more time) Joy and pain are like sunshine and rain (Up and down and all around that goes) Joy and pain are like sunshine and rain Joy and pain are like sunshine and rainEmbed;
Gimme the Breaks (feat. Kurtis Blow);A.Skillz;Hip-Hop; [Verse 1: Frankie Beverly] Remember when you first found love how you felt so good Kind that last forever more so you thought it would Suddenly the things you see got you hurt so bad, so bad How come the things that makes us happy makes us sad? It seems to me  [Chorus: Frankie Beverly] Joy and pain are like sunshine and rain Joy and pain are like sunshine and rain, woo  [Bridge: Frankie Beverly] Love can be bitter, love can be sweet Sometimes devotion, and sometimes deceit The ones that you care for give you so much pain Oh, but it's alright, they're both one in the same  [Verse 2: Frankie Beverly] Listen Don't it seem we go through life going up and down Seems the things that turn you on turn you around Always hurting each other (If it ain't one thing it's another) When the world is down on you, love's somewhere around And I want you to know that joy You might also like[Chorus: Frankie Beverly] Joy and pain are like sunshine and rain Joy and pain are like sunshine and rain Joy and pain are like sunshine and rain (One more time) Joy and pain are like sunshine and rain  [Bridge: Frankie Beverly] Over and over you can be sure There will be sorrow but you will endure (You will endure) Where there's a flower, there's the sun and the rain Oh, but it's wonderful, they're both one in the same  [Chorus: Frankie Beverly] Joy and pain are like sunshine and rain Joy and pain are like sunshine and rain (Do it one more time) Joy and pain are like sunshine and rain (Up and down and all around that goes) Joy and pain are like sunshine and rain Joy and pain are like sunshine and rainEmbed;
Hey Everybody;Bomfunk MC's;Hip-Hop;I'm as good as stabbing people as you are in a band Now listen up bruv, you mess with me you get slashed But then after that you'll blaits get mashed  So anyway moving on from this random shit I'll slit you then throw you in a pit Bruv, you think your white, you think your black Well, let me tell you this, you just won wackYou might also likeEmbed;
If I Ruled The World;Kurtis Blow;Hip-Hop;If I ruled the world I'd love all the girls Wear diamonds and pearls If I ruled the world   If I ruled the world, was king on the throne I'd make peace in every culture, build the homeless a home I'm not running for Congress or the President I'm just here to tell the world how my story went You see - first it was a dream, I was living in Rome And then I moved to London, bought a brand new home And everywhere I went, I drew lots of attention Like a stretch limousine, one of those new inventions It took a few years 'fore the day had come But I was ruler of the world ranked #1 So I headed towards Washington to claim the crown Let the whole world know that the King was in town As I arrived the crowd started to cheer And then someone yelled out, "The King is here!" So I headed toward stage to make a speech About the new style of living I was gonna teach, uh-huh  [Hook] If I ruled the world (huh huh, huh huh huh) I'd love all the girls (I'd love em love em baby!) Wear diamonds and pearls If I ruled the world You might also like People started flowing as they reached for my hand I said, "Thank you for bringing me to the Promised Land But now I must go, so goodbye to everybody Tonight I'll see you all at my Super Dinner Party" And late that night at my Super Dinner Party I was dancing to the beat and entertaining: "La-Di-Da-Di" The music started ending, it was time for a speech The crowd started sitting as I rose from my feet And this was once a dream; I explained to the crowd But now, I rule the world and I feel, so very proud Excuse me please for stopping this show I just had to thank you all, huh, and me so My first day in office, the King on the throne I spent my first three hours on the telephone You know with newsmen reporters, and voters too I had so many calls, I didn't know what to do You know hours passed I continued to work I signed so many papers, my fingers started to hurt Then I shook off the pain, say this ain't no thing 'Cause there's nothing in the world like being #1 king!  [Hook] If I ruled the world (huh huh, huh huh huh) I'd love all the girls (I'd love em love em baby!) Wear diamonds and pearls (oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah) If I ruled the world (whoa whoa yeahhhhh) {AJ Scratch cuts up the track for a bit}   Now I rule the world and now, I'm on top And I'm rolling with folks that could never be stopped And I'm here to let you know this is where I belong And to you sucker MC's that sing my song And it's a song that's strong about right and wrong And I'ma rock it to you baby baby all night long And it's a song about love and happiness In a world of peace and you know that's fresh Now I'm the king and I want you to know That I'm the Master Blaster Rapper who's running the show And to all of you rappers in every country You better stop what you're doing and listen to me 'Cause we gotta stop war and use unity To fight crime and hunger and poverty 'Cause the African baby is dying overseas While you sucker mission politicians busting out Z's Huh, 20 million people all unemployed While the rich man try to play Pretty Boy Floyd While the working class just struggles hard Try to make ends meet against all odds While the poor man can't even deal with life You know he tried to escape, and smoked the coke on the pipe And it's time for a CHANGE, to a better way 'Cause the sun has GOTTA shine through the cloudy day So LISTEN UP world while I teach this class And take heed to the message or we ain't gonna last 'Cause I know, the solution, is the contribution Of woman and man to just join the revolution That'll take your brain to a higher plane And help you deal in a world that's gone insane With the problems that I know we can stop From the ruler of the world and the man on top But the years went by, and time was up And then the ruler of the world had ran out of luck And all the people at the time who said they were my friends Didn't know me when my job had come to an end The King who took my place was happy as can be He was running his mouth like, Muhammad Ali So I shook his hand calmly as I headed to the door On my way to the ghetto to treat once more [Hook] If I ruled the world (huh huh, huh huh huh) I'd love all the girls (I'd love em love em baby!) Wear diamonds and pearls (oh yeah yeah) If I ruled the world (yeahhhhh)  [Hook] If I ruled the world (if I ruled the world) I'd love all the girls (I'd love em love em baby!) Wear diamonds and pearls (oh yeah yeah oh yeah yeah) If I ruled the world (whoa whoa yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah)4Embed;
Throughout Your Years;Kurtis Blow;Hip-Hop;Your highs and your lows I'm the man with the mic who rocks the house The man called Kurtis Blow  So get out your seat and grab a girl Because I'm about ready to rock the world And listen to my story because it got to be told Like an Oscar-winning actor when he is playing a role  When I wasn't the best, there was something in my head To be a rapper was my dream Like in the morning with the bacon and the eggs And the coffee and the cream  So I made up my mind that I would always try to be The best that I can be Now here I am rapping at the jam With the all the fly guys and the young ladies  Just take your time, you don't have to hurry Hang tough, you don't have to worry In society, the strong survive So rap a single or get a nine to five  With a little hard work and dedication We'll pull together and rock the nation So if you do the do and think you are great Come on, everybody, participate You might also likeSay "ho" You gotta to say "ho" if you are ready to go Say "ow" You gotta to say "ow" if you are ready right now Say pride 'Cause pride is what we got inside To the top! We are going to the top, we ain't going to stop! Get down!  When it started out, the way wasn't clear There was much confusion and a lot of fear Walking in the shadow, searching for the light Be the reason I could be that to make me right  'Cause it ain't all champagne and caviar Riding around the town in the finest car Living in the star life of luxury And being seen around the world at the place to be  Look down, ?? handshakes [??] A thousand things can hold you back And try to run you off the track  So you got to believe you can be the best You got to work real hard to achieve success So listen close 'cause I insist I got some advice, it goes just like this Take your time, you don't have to hurry Hang tough, you don't have to worry In society, the strong survive So rap a single or get a nine to five  With a little hard work and dedication We'll pull together and rock the nation So if you do the do and think you are great Come on, everybody, and participate  Say "Ho"! You gotta to say "ho" if you're ready to go Say "ow"! You gotta to say "ow" if you're ready right now Say "pride"! Cause pride is what we got inside Say top! We're goin' to the top, we ain't gonna stop Get down!  There is a man up there who's calling the shots He says what is gonna happen and what's not There is only one way to stake a claim You got to be a man, you got to play the game  Some people you may be around Have negative vibes and try to get you down But you're mighty sound and you're really strong You got to make or right a wrong Winter, summer, fall, spring Give it your all and everything Step by step, day by day Watch out for obstacles in your way  Don't be no other, be yourself You can do that better than anyone else Now, I can't tell you what to do But the things I say still come true  Take your time, you don't have to hurry Hang tough, you don't have to worry In society, the strong survive So rap a single or get a nine to five  With a little hard work and dedication We'll pull together and rock the nation So if you do the do and think you are great Come on, everybody, participate  Say nahnahnahnah Say nahnahnahnah  Nahnahnahnah Nahnahnahnah Nahnah Nahnah  Nahnahnahnah OW!Embed;
Daydreamin';Kurtis Blow;Hip-Hop;I see you standing here Oh baby how I miss you And how much I need to kiss you Run my fingers through your hair But then again, it's just my imagination Being close to you was such a sweet sensation But then we had to have that terrible confrontation Now all I can do to help this situation  Daydreamin' takes me where I want to be Daydreamin' lets me have you here with me  Oh, girl if you knew all that I've been going through You'd have a change of heart But come rain or shine you're forever on my mind Of my life you're the part But then again, it's just my imagination Being close to you was such a sweet sensation But then we had to have that terrible confrontation Now all I can do to help this situation  Daydreamin' takes me where I want to be Daydreamin' lets me have you here with me  Daydreamin' and I'm thinkin' of you You stole my heart and I belong to you Daydreamin' and I'm thinkin' of you You are the one and I will be true You might also likeD...D...D...D...Daydreamin' (x4)  You know I want you girl You know I miss you girl Come back,come back baby..oo-wee, be my lady You know I miss you girl You were my only world Come back,come back honey Make my day bright and sunny...yeah  Come back ...honey....Embed;
Hard Times;Kurtis Blow;Hip-Hop;Yo, my brother, I ain't really got it like that What we got here is hard times I hear you, brother, but what's up with that?   Hard times spreading just like the flu You know I caught it just like you The prices going up, the dollar's down You got me fallin' to the ground Turn around, get ready, check out the time Get ready all people for the future shock Hard times (Hard times) Hard times (Hard times) To the bridge  [Bridge] Get funky!   Hard times, people of the planet Times are tough, tough is granted Hard times coming to your town Get ready 'cause you know we're gonna throw down I'm gonna go out there and get a skill My life's been down and I need a thrill Hard times (Hard times) Hard times (Hard times) To the bridge You might also like[Bridge] Sucka! Better watch that!   Hard times's got my pockets all in change I tell ya what, it don't have my brains Will I ever-ever-ever reach my peak We need that dollar every day of the week Hard times you know, it's a natural trip I'm gonna keep about it, so we'll not slip Hard times (Hard times) Hard times (Hard times) To the bridge  [Bridge] Hold now!   Hard times is nothing new or mean I'm gonna use my strong mentality Like the cream of the crop and the crop of the cream Beating hard times, that is my dream Hard times in life, hard times in death I'm gonna keep on fighting till my very last breath Hard times (Hard times) Hard times (Hard times) To the bridge [Bridge] Get down!   Hard times is nothing new or mean I'm gonna use my strong mentality Like the cream of the crop and the crop of the cream Beating hard times, that is my dream Hard times in life, hard times in death I'm gonna keep on fighting till my very last breath Hard times (Hard times) Hard times (Hard times) To the bridge  [Bridge] Uh! So funky! Yea babyEmbed;
8 Million Stories;Kurtis Blow;Hip-Hop;There are 8 million stories in the naked city  8 million stories 8 million stories (Cold hard city) 8 million stories (Watch your back) 8 million stories  [Verse 1: Kurtis Blow] There are 8 million stories in the naked city Some ice cold and told without pity About the mean streets and the ghetto culture The pimps, the pushers, the sharks, and vultures The things that happen when it reaches dark And all the things you hear about Central Park You got to be down, you got to have strength If you're gonna survive past 110th There ain't no thing when blood is spilled But he emergency ward is capacity-filled And nothing ever comes as a big surprise And the naked city never closes its eyes A new story for every day Told a thousand different ways That's how it is and that's how it goes The city with the 8 and six big O's You might also likeNew York, you know this is a crazy city, man Word! Skyscrapers, everything And you just never know who you might meet in this town Yo, my home boys Run DMC Whassup, man? What's the deal? What's up Kurtis? Whatcha doin? What's up Ryan? Yo, I heard you got a record comin' out, man Yeah, man, it's called '8 Million Stories', man Yo, I need some help, man Why don't y'all help me rhyme? You know I'm down with that  [Verse 2: Run] A young girl seemed to be gaining weight Her parents all thought it was the food she ate Their attitudes were all "La Di Da Di" But little did they know there was a baby in the body She tried to hide it, but they'll soon know Because sooner or later that baby's got to show Can her daddy just accept it as a fact? That it wasn't the meals and it wasn't the snack  [Verse 3: DMC] Then there's another girl, her name is Vicki The girl is fine, but sho'nuff tricky Vicki's fine, but then she's not very kind She'll lay you down and then she'll rob you blind You wake up in the morning and you're feeling blue Because Vicki is gone and your money is too She's more sinister than Peter Lorre And this is just two of 8 million stories 8 million stories 8 million stories 8 million stories (You hear what i'm saying) 8 million stories (Homeboys and girlies) 8 million stories 8 million stories 8 million stories 8 million stories 8 million stories (Sing) 8 million stories (Sing the song) 8 million stories 8 million stories  [Verse 4: Kurtis Blow] Fresh kid and the story's complete Born on a dim-lit ghetto street Father unknown, mother astray He learned about life the real hard way Wearing pretty things for all the ladies to see Funky fresh diamonds and gold jewelry Spent all his time just counting his bank Because he's a fly muh-ha-ha, now fill in the blank Because he's a fresh kid, his money's long Been the subject of a ghetto song Poor kids admire, ladies desire They say water can't put out his fire Because he's a fresh kid, yeah he's alright He grew up with the pushers and the pimps of the night And you could measure or even treasure The thought that cocaine became his pleasure Peruvian rock never cut with speed And he gets skeed until his nose would bleed And there was just one weakness, I must admit Is that when he took a hit, he could never quit Because he's one slick pusher living day by day When the crazy thing happened along the way You know he started to base at a hell of a pace And now it's a disgrace, he's got the pipe in his face For twenty-four seven, a terrible Jones Didn't take care of business, didn't answer the phone He stayed home alone all in the twilight zone Just biting on his pipe like a dog on a bone Turning blue in the face, by just holding his breath With the white cloud bullshit stuck in his chest But then he tried to stop, but it never worked And then the ladies started calling him a freebase jerk Just to break it all down, you know he's not so slick Because he spent all his money and he spent it all quick He lost his car, his house, his friends, his wife And basing cocaine made him lose his life Because he bought some on credit and couldn't pay And then the pusher looked for him and blew him away In a blaze of glory in his own territory 8 million sad, but all real, stories 8 million stories 8 million stories 8 million stories (You hear what i'm saying) 8 million stories (Homeboys and girlies) 8 million stories 8 million stories (Sing) 8 million stories (Sing the song) 8 million stories 8 million stories 8 million stories 8 million stories 8 million stories1Embed;
Rolling 200 Deep XIV;DJ Kay Slay;Hip-Hop;The drama king, you ain't gotta give us a dime We body all these niggas up, one at a time Gather everybody else up and put 'em in line You think that I'm blind? Nigga, is you out of your mind? It took a hundred MCs to put 'em on a track And then two hundred more niggas that thought they could rap Well, it's gon' take three hundred more before I'll pull this strap And that's six hundred niggas, Onyx body like that  [Verse 2: Paula Perry] Pussy in your face, it's crunch time I don't give a fuck about your verse or punchline I'ma spaz out, bitch, you take your pass out Now I got your head in the ground with your ass out I pull a [?] from the fall, I'm gangsta Front up on me on some stupid shit, I'ma shank ya Wake your asss up, Henny, no sanctum Danger, Kay Slay certifid banger, two hundred  [Verse 3: Tah Mell] None of you need to know who I am My vocals are grams bagged up, coke in the flan Now I got the world hopin' again Jesus now comin' to flesh, and all that's off this shit ain't I'm scrollin' with hands, test until this journey will end Divide my circle in threes, like I roll in the tens Family business to me, that's how my focus extend Three-sixty degrees and my [?] You might also like[Verse 4: Da Inphamus Amadeuz] I'm at the head of the table, you send a shot, then it better be fatal I use microphone cables to strangle the head of ya label New York back so you better be grateful Ain't got to be two hundred deep for the Kay to slay you With the bars we ain't stacking even, I spit heat like a dragon breathing Then cool it down like the track is freezing 97 Piff package season I spit fire to the meter on the gasket steaming  [Verse 5: Cortez Bodega] With my day ones daily, used to re-up twice Your favorite rapper don't keep [?] ice [?] whole sail, I can meet y'all price Before verse, same Gs, Off-White, on sight Bring them choppas and quickly spin blocks If drama let 'em know what's in store, [?] in [?] chips Any truck co-profiting, boy, you see the drip Your water [?] me a co-follow  [Verse 6: Superstar Floss] Nowadays you got a budget, you can't pay to be it No matter how much money you spend, you can't pay to be it Only drug you ever deal was a basketball practice Only real you keep it is the Reels you postin' with captions SF, I'm it, Slay said I was chosen Like a groupie in the mix tryna take all these flicks All the stripes to say you got as invisible lines Cross the line, that's the end of your time, it's Kay [Verse 7: Innocent?] They askin' how I got, just pull up and cheer, nigga, I'm top tier From the beginnings you child niggas was not there Always talkin' money and women, but I do not care Mad 'cause my records be spinnin' like some [?] I'm spittin' like I'm pitchin' the top of the knife in it And all the basses is loaded with no outs so get it clear I don't really care what you talkin' 'bout 'cause it no hear Ever need a verse or a hook? Hit me, I spit it  [Verse 8: MC TNT] Mono or stereo, electric frequences That'll put your whole radio into [?], gettin' televised Bar shoppin' then I beam on this top shit, enterprise [?] sample, rappers [?] Pull life back in 'em TNT, Bronx bandido With the, with the, with the, with the, with the, with the funky estilo  [Verse 9: Tracey Lee] I'll rap, slap on beats, I get abusive Uncharted ball with flows are all inclusive Yeah, this is [?] This some [?] shots, you need a booster Better [?] with me, put your brows up Cut from the soil and flourish, death to your flowers [?] with a [?] been in doubt The scholar [?] with a symbol of black power [Verse 10: Aobie] The blind leadin' the blind in these wicked times we livin' in We pin the scent, the streets is menacin', they cure the innocent Assemblin' my thoughts while I'm sittin' up in this [?] God made us in His image when I'm [?] resemblance Hard lake, lake, I'm [?], I be [?] I'm workin', push the clock and keep the talkin' to a minimum Niggas listenin', poppin' they gums like singin' citizens You talkin' like it's sugar, lil' nigga, check your insulin  [Verse 11: Kurtis Blow] Let me get my two cents Kurtis Blow, I'm the blueprint First rapper signed, first to go gold Forty years later, still in the new Benz I guess these are the breaks I guess we are the greats In 73, it was fate Happy 3-5-0, hip-hop blow out the cakeEmbed;
AJ Scratch;Kurtis Blow;Hip-Hop;One, two, three, four, hit it One- one- one- one Two- two- two- two Three- three- three- three Four- four- four- four Hit- hit- hit- hit One, two, three, four, hit it  [Verse 1: Kurtis Blow] Up in the Bronx, where the people are fresh There was one DJ who had to pass the test And now he's down by law and he's ready to play That's right, y'all, his name is AJ Never gets nervous when he cuts the beat He gets top notch service in the clutch on the street A complete elite treat that can't be beat 'Cause AJ never knew the agony of defeat Sing   AJ, I wanna see you AJ, I wanna see you AJ, I wanna see you AJ Ooh- ooh- ooh- ooh Kurtis Blow Ooh- ooh- ooh- ooh- ooh Kurtis Blow Ooh- ooh- ooh Ooh- ooh- ooh You might also like[Verse 2: Kurtis Blow] Grandmaster Flash, Afrika Bambaataa Starski, Spoonie Gee and Run DMC gotta Gotta realize that he goes way back And now he's down with the king And we could never be wack So just kick off your shoes and relax your feet And just rock to the rhythm of the Kurtis Blow beat Yes, yes, y'all and just shake your butt Because AJ is gonna cut it up Sing   AJ, I wanna see you AJ, I wanna see you AJ, I wanna see you AJ, I wanna see you Hit- hit- hit me Hit- hit- hit me Hit- hit- hit me Hit- hit- hit- hit- hit- me  Get- get- get Get- get- get- get Get- get- get- get Get- get- get- get down Get down Yes, yes, y'all Yes, yes, y'all Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, y'all Yes, yes, y'all Yes, yes, y'all Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, y'all Yes, yes, y'all Yes, yes, y'all AJ has got to be the best, y'all Yes, yes, y'all Yes, yes, y'all 'Cause Kurtis Blow is fresh- fresh, y'all  Yeah- yeah- yeah- yeah- yeah Yeah- yeah Yeah- yeah- yeah Yeah- yeah- yeah- yeah- yeah Yeah- yeah Yeah- yeah- yeah Yeah- yeah- yeah- yeah- yeah Yeah- yeah Yeah- yeah- yeah Yeah- yeah- yeah- yeah- yeah  [Verse 3: Kurtis Blow] Up in the Bronx, where the people are fresh There was one DJ who had to pass the test And now he's down by law and he's ready to play That's right, y'all, his name is AJ Never gets nervous when he cuts the beat He gets top notch service in the clutch on the street A complete elite treat that can't be beat 'Cause AJ never knew the agony of defeat Sing  AJ, I wa- I wa- I wanna see you AJ, I wanna- I wan- I wan- I wanna see you AJ, I wanna- I wan- I wanna see you AJ, I wanna- I wan- I wanna see you Clap- clap- clap- clap- clap Clap- clap- clap- clap- clap Clap- clap- clap- clap- clap- clap Clap- clap- clap- clap- clap- clap- clap- clap Clap your hands Clap your handsEmbed;
Way Out West;Kurtis Blow;Hip-Hop;Coming from the place you'd expect the least There came a stranger dressed in black From a Harlem Town, a long way back  Had a Stetson hat with a band of gold Eyes like steel make your blood run cold Had a microphone hanging by his side Just ready to be amplified  Rode into town on a big black steed Lookin' for a man named Ganamede I hear the dude just won't get down If I rock this world, I can rock this town!  And when they asked him for his name He said "Kurtis Blow, I play the rappin' game I can do the do, I can do the deed And tonight I'm gonna rock Ganamede!"  Now Ganamede thought he was cool Wore Gucci shoes, had a fancy school A fancy job in a big corporation Fancy girls all across the nation  Fancy car, fancy clothes Fancy friends and fancy dough Only one thing he wouldn't do Is let himself get down with you You might also likeThe stranger went to the old saloon Grabbed his mike and spun a tune And everyone in the whole darn place Said, "Do the rap and set that pace!"  He rapped 'em down and he rapped 'em out He made 'em dance and he made 'em shout He said "If you like Kurtis Blow Then let me hear you all say  A say ho-oo! Ho-oo! Hi-yo! Hi-yo! Say Kurtis! Kurtis! Say Kurtis Blow! Kurtis Blow!  At midnight, Ganamede came in To watch the dancers move and spin He took a seat over by the bar And started smokin' a big cigar  "I'll admit the stranger isn't bad But tonight I'm gonna make him sad 'Cause I don't care about the groove There ain't no dude gonna make me move!"  The joint was jumpin' hard at one But Ganamede was havin' none Things were really fly at two The stranger rapped and the tension grew Ganamede maintained his cool "I'll make the stranger play the fool 'Cause I don't care about the groove There ain't no dude gonna make me move!"  The showdown came at three o'clock The stranger said, "I'm gonna make you rock I'm gonna make you move, gonna make you dance They're gonna take you out in an ambulance  Now everybody lend a hand I'm gonna make you be the band There ain't no jive, no superstition We're gonna have a little demolition Get down!  Now stomp your feet To the funky beat Just clap your hands And let the beat expand Let me here the bass Put it in my face Let the guitar play Just put it away And now I think we've got the groove So Ganamede, get up and move!" Now everyone looked at the bar At the lonely man with the big cigar He began to move, he began to shake He'd had as much as he could take  He took his body to the floor And then the crowd began to roar The stranger just had done the deed He rocked the house with Ganamede  From three to four, he couldn't stop From four to five, he just had to rock From five to six, he let it loose At seven, he still had the juice At eight o'clock, he was goin' strong Gettin' down with every song At nine o'clock, he couldn't dance And someone called an ambulance  As they put him in the back Of that big white shiny Cadillac He said, "Please get me Kurtis Blow There's something that he ought to know"  He said, "I thought I'd make my name By beatin' you at the rappin' game But you beat me fair and square And anyway, I just don't care"  The stranger asked him what he meant Said Ganamede "I am content I never used to catch a groove I never used to dance or move But it's more fun to play the fool Than tryin' hard to be real cool So anytime you're back in town I'm gonna get up and I'm gonna get down!"  The stranger watched him drive away Knowing what he'd done that day And then he went right back inside To make the dancers slip and slide To rock 'em out, to rock 'em in To make 'em rock it down again And he said ,"If you like my sound Let me hear you all say  Throw down! Throw down! At the showdown! At the showdown! Throw down! Throw down! At the showdown! At the showdown!  Now stomp your feet To the funky beat Just clap your hands And let the beat expand Let me here the bass Put it in my face Let the guitar play Just put it away A-rock on!Embed;
Express Yourself;Kurtis Blow;Hip-Hop;Clap your hands everybody If you got what it takes 'Cause I'm Kurtis Blow and I want you to know That these are the breaks  [Grandmaster Flash & The Furious Five, "The Message"] Don't push me 'cause I'm close to the edge I'm trying not to lose my head (ha-HA-HA-HA) It's like a jungle sometimes It makes me wonder how I keep from going under  [N.W.A, "Express Yourself"] Express yourself I'm expressing with my full capabilities And now I'm living in correctional facilities  [Public Enemy, "Bring The Noise"] Bass! How low can you go? Death row, what a brother knows  [Rob Base & DJ E-Z Rock, "It Takes Two"] I wanna rock right now I'm Rob Bass and I came to get down I'm not internationally known But I'm known to rock a microphone So let's go, go! (Sing it Jimmy!) It takes two to make a thing go right! It takes two to make it out-- You might also like[Salt 'n' Pepa, "Push It"] Yo, yo, yo baby pop baby-pop Yeah, you come here, give me a kiss Better make it fast or else I'm gonna get pissed Now push it Ah, push it Push it good Ah, push it Push it real good  [Vanilla Ice, "Ice Ice Baby"] All right, stop  [Black Sheep, "The Choice Is Yours (Revisited)"] Engine, engine, number 9 On the New York transit line If my train falls off the track Pick it up, pick it up, pick it up  [Cypress Hill, "Insane in the Brain"] Insane in the membrane Insane in the brain Insane in the membrane Crazy, insane, got no brain  (Break it down Oh, put your hands up! Put your hands up!) [DJ Kool, "Let Me Clear My Throat"] Let me clear my throat! Oh! Have mercy baby! I hope you don't mind! Aha-aha  [DMX, "Party Up (Up in Here)"] Whooo! Y'all gonna make me lose my mind up in here, up in here! Y'all gonna make me go all out! Up in here! Up in here! Oh!  [Nelly, "Hot in Herre"] It's getting hot in here (So hot!) So take off all your clothes I am getting so hot I'm gonna take my clothes off  [50 Cent, "In Da Club"] Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, shawty It's your birthday We're gonna party like it's ya birthday We're gonna sip Bacardi like it's your birthday And you know we don't really care, it's not your birthday  [Outkast, "Hey Ya!"] My baby don't mess around Because she loves me so And this I know for sho Hey Ya! Hey Ya! [Lil Wayne, "A Milli"] A milli, a milli, a milli, a milli A-a-a milli, a milli, a milli  [DJ Khaled, "All I Do Is Win"] All I do is win, win, win, no matter what Got money on my mind I can't ever get enough And every time I step up in the building everybody's hands go up  [Cali Swag District, "Teach Me How to Dougie"] Teach me how to dougie Teach me, teach me how to dougie All the girls love me All the, all the the girls love me All the girls love me You ain't messing with my dougie  [Rick Ross, "B.M.F. (Blowin' Money Fast)"] (Oh! Here's a hip hop tune you know) I think I'm Big Meech, Larry Hoover Whipping work, hallelujah (Jimmy! Jimmy! Jimmy, stop! Why do you always do that?)  [Biz Markie, "Just a Friend"] Have you ever met a girl that you tried to date But a year to make love she wanted you to wait? Let me tell you a story about my situation I was talking to this girl from the U.S. Nation You, you got what I need But you say he's just a friend But you say he's just a friend Oh baby, you, you got what I need (Everybody!) But you say he's just a friend But you say he's just a friend You, you got what I need But you say he's just a friend But you say he's just a friend Oh baby, you, you got what I need But you say he's just a friend But you say he's just a friend  [Kurtis Blow, "The Breaks"] Clap your hands everybody if you got what it takes (Justin: Cause I'm Justin Jimmy: I'm Jimmy! And we want you to know) That these are the breaks5Embed;
God;Kurtis Blow;Hip-Hop;(M-M-M-Murda)  [Verse 1: Quavo] Yeah (Suu) Let's take a modern day stroll (Woah) This is the modern day, hoe Last time I checked, we were runnin' the globe (Go) I'm 'bout to go fingerfold Two knock two times, it's a brick at the door (Two time) Somebody blowin' up lil' mama phone (Brrt) Lil' nigga just come get your hoe (Brrt, brrt) I'm talking Patek on the wrist (Ooh) Baguette go and dance on a bitch ('Guettes) You know that bitch too thick (Yeah) You can't even see the pants on that bitch (Bad) The way that we spinnin' (Yeah) Spinnin' in hellcats, goin' Taz on a kit (Spin) She wanna pop a G6 (Pop) She suckin' on dick until six (Yeah, ugh) I make a movie, I'm going Michael Bay (Yah) Huncho the sensei ('Cho) The way that I'm moving, we going motorcade Move the tactical way (Tactical) I need the backend this way (Ooh, backend) Somebody packin' this way (Packin') She get to clappin' that way (Ooh, dat way) You don't got the answers like Sway (Yeah, Sway) Fuck it, I'm coolin' (Woo) I'm in the coupe with the top and I'm wavin' a coolant (Wavin') Switch and go doolie (Yeah) With a bad bitch and I play with her mind and her coochie (Coochie) I'm still Ratta-toolie (Ooh, woo) I got a pipe that's so big it look like Chattahoochee (Whip) We not the Fugees (Yeah) I'll go foolie if a nigga try to Three Stooge us (Uh) You might also like[Chorus: Quavo & Takeoff] Break a brick down, nigga, break a brick down, nigga (Yeah, brick) Break a bitch down, nigga, break a bitch down, nigga (Yeah, bitch) Word around town, nigga, heard your ass get around, nigga (Heard) Get the fuck from 'round nigga, you ain't even from the town, nigga (Yeah, Takeoff)  [Verse 2: Takeoff & Quavo] Where the fuck he came from? (Where?) When she see the Don she givin' me some The 'Rari came red like a plum (Red) The streets like the sound I gotta ride with a drum, keep smoke in my lungs (Smoke) Arabian bitch in the passenger seat Like she got a illegal bomb (Bomb) Baguette, the charm, rainbow, Daytona I Lucky Charm the arm (Charm) That bitch is borin', oh, that's your main? Come get her, can't help it, she gone Count up a bag but know we ain't tourin' If it ain't my money, I think it's annoyin' Pop me a Perc' (Perc') with a cup full of purp' (Purp') When I hop in the 'vert with no key and I storm (Skrrt) BB the belt and I VV the arm (BB) Hop on the P-J, go visit the farm (Phew) Indoor and outdoor, whatever you want Put that lil' boy 'cause my money grown I know some niggas got rich off of zones (Rich off of zones) Made double digits off Apple iPhones (Brrt) Throw that shit on, I get fly like a drone Put dick in her once, she won't leave me alone (Leave) Kapital bones, the wallet is chrome They say that the opp' been lovin' the song Eat up the dab when they come around And then go and put everything we got on If I got a plate, you know that he ate I'm too blessed and one thing I can't do is hate (Nah) I like what you what you doin', just humble yourself And know we the ones that opened the gate (Open the gate, uh) [Chorus: Quavo, Takeoff & Offset] Break a brick down, nigga, break a brick down, nigga (Yeah, brick) Break a bitch down, nigga, break a bitch down, nigga (Yeah, bitch) Word around town, nigga, heard your ass get around, nigga (Hey) Get the fuck from 'round nigga (Woo, woo, woo), you ain't even from the town, nigga (Yeah, Offset)  [Verse 3: Offset] Big body Urus (Big body), fast and the furious (Vyoom) Grippin' my MAC, watch the rear of the mirror (Who dat?) Baguettes on my neck, on the Lear', I'm superior (Lear') Two-fifty each ear, what you say? I can't hear (Huh?) Shoot dices, my prices, they lower than Sears (Low) She ride the dick, speed it up by the gear (Go) Dropped out of school 'cause I didn't wanna hear (Nah) I was thinkin' 'bout makin' a M every period (Yessir) Got my shit out the block (Block) Seventeen, hot, tryna plot on the guap (Hey) Fuck that bitch, I had to go and get a knot (Knot) I was on the block, ain't knowin' 'bout a yacht (Who?) Stick in my crotch, Audemars watch (Bah) Burberry shots, I was curvin' a thot (Curve) Got baby KK a Birkin, why not? (KK) Bought a AK, fell in love when I shot (AK) We beat 'em in dough (What else?), we beat 'em in hoes (What else?) We beat 'em in clothes (What else?), we beat 'em in Lambos on the road (What else?) Hold up my wrist, it got rocks like Hov (Hov) These boys are my kids, don't talk no more (Shh) I'm stuffin' dick in the back of this hoe (Huh) My Rollie got Skittles, you taste the rainbow (Skittles) Kick down the door, lay 'em down, Kurtis Blow (God) Cop on the low, in the Nawf, it don't go (Nah) Bad, but bitch ain't got nothin' to give (Shawty bad) I'm the dad in this industry, I got some kids (Dad) She wanna fuck me, I know, I can see it (I can see it) Just for some clout, niggas jump off a bridge (Clout) I had the drop on the opp' and we slid (Drop) I don't be gamblin', my dawg, that's the wig (Wig) Make the money eight ways, I'm a squid (Eight ways) He tellin', he yellin', he work with the pigs (Woo) [Chorus: Quavo & Takeoff] Break a brick down, nigga, break a brick down, nigga (Yeah, brick) Break a bitch down, nigga, break a bitch down, nigga (Yeah, bitch) Word around town, nigga, heard your ass get around, nigga (Hey) Get the fuck from 'round nigga, you ain't even from the town, nigga (Yeah)8Embed;
Party Time;Kurtis Blow;Hip-Hop;It's party time (Yeah) Woah it's party time We live in a party (Yeah) It's party time Woah it's party time It's party time Woah it's party time We live in a party It's party time Woah it's party time   In the capital of the nation There's a brand new sound sensation It's gonna be a revelation Gonna show you what I mean They call it the E-U Freeze Playin' pretty as you please Beatin' on the drum and the keys Rockin' on the Go-Go Scene   I hear your girlfriend just left town (Oh no, oh no) And the bill collector's comin' around (Oh no, oh no) To save you job you took a cut in pay (Oh no, oh no) And you wife just said she's gonna stay (Oh no, oh no) And the Russians may start World War Three (Oh no, oh no) And things ain't what they used to be (Oh no, oh no) Should we start a life of crime? (Oh no, oh no) Then call your friends, it's party time! You might also like It's party time Woah it's party time It's party time Woah it's party time We live in a party   You're workin' everyday, trading sweat for tiny pay Got no power, got no say, watch your life slip away Tough stuff, five days, bad job, no raise What'cha, what'cha, what'cha gonna do? In the morning take the train Bust your butt, and waste your brain G-g-g-g got to be a better way for you Hey fellas (What?) Do you need a break? (You know we do) Well I ain't got no break but how's about a party? (Well alright!) Hey ladies (What?) Do you need a break? (And you know we do) Well I ain't go no break but how's about a party? (Well alright!)   Down on the street They're cuttin' on the beat They're livin' day to day on a nickel and a dime But they've got the syncopation To rock and shock the nation They're ready to rock real steady at party time (Party Time!)  It's party time Woah it's party time It's party time Woah it's party time We live in a party   Hey fellas (What?) Do like those ladies? (You know we do!) Well let's go downtown and meet them at the Go Go! (Well alright!) Hey ladies (What?) Do you like those fellas? (You know we do!) Well you can go downtown And meet them at the Go Go! (Well alright!)   It's party time Woah it's party time It's party time Woah it's party time We live in a party It's party time Woah it's party time It's party time Woah it's party time We live in a partyEmbed;
Takin Care Of Business;Kurtis Blow;Hip-Hop;From the alarm clock's warning Take the 8:15 into the city There's a whistle up above And people push and people shove And all the girls Who try to look pretty  And if your train's on time You can get to work by 9 And start your slaving job To get your pay If you ever get annoyed Look at me, I'm self-employed I love to work at nothing all day  And I've been Takin' care of business Every day Takin' care of business Every way I've been takin' care of business It's all mine Takin' care of business And working overtime Workout You might also likeIf things were easy as fishing You could be a musician If you could make sounds Loud or mellow Get a second hand guitar Chances are you'll go far If you get in with The right bunch of fellows  People see you having fun Just a-lying in the sun And tell them that You like it this way It's the work that we avoid And we're all self employed We love to work at nothing all day  And we've been Takin' care of business Every day Takin' care of business Every way We've been takin' care of business It's all right Takin' care of business And working overtime Take good care of my business When I'm away Everyday  They get up every morning from the alarm clock's warning Take the 8:15 into the city There's a whistle up above and people push and people shove And the girls, who try to look pretty And if your train's on time you can get to work by nine And start your slaving job to get your pay If you ever get annoyed look at me I'm self-employed I love to work at nothing all day  They get up every morning From the alarm clock's warning Take the 8:15 into the city There's a whistle up above And people push and people shove And all the girls Who try to look pretty  And if your train's on time You can get to work by 9 And start your slaving job To get your pay If you ever get annoyed Look at me, I'm self-employed I love to work at nothing all day And I've been Takin' care of business Every day Takin' care of business Every way I've been takin' care of business It's all mine Takin' care of business And working overtime  Takin' care of business Takin' care of business Takin' care of business Takin' care of business Takin' care of business Every day Takin' care of business Every way Takin' care of business It's all mine Takin' care of business And working overtime Takin' care of business1Embed;
Hey Tee Bone;Trouble Funk;Hip-Hop;Five star general Ray Luv And I brought some real thugs with me General EDI Amin General Napoleon General Kastro And General Noble Soldiers in the game  [ Chorus ] Fuck the cops, they'll never stop us Not even with batterams, full-metal jackets and helicopters We got choppers, we young mobsters Money, power and star fame Die or ride, nigga, in this war game Fuck the teachers who couldn't reach us They try to police, cell at the jail house, seat ya Don't wanna see ya, it's the teacher's the one to blame Now I'm havin star fame Fuckin off money in this war game  [ VERSE 1: Ray Luv ] Pull out my weapon, now I'm steppin, bringin foes my heat We challenge number one contenders and blow holes in the weak It's been a while, now we finally got our turn to bust Bitch niggas got rich while the homie burned to dust Got me madder than a bag of fuckin sherm and dust You wanna kick it (but can't hang with us) Now we gon' see who got the biggest fuckin nuts in this thang of us Talkin shit, but nigga, you ain't came to bust Make you pull out the gold cuff links and the pinky rings (These niggas don't know who they fuckin with, man) Big Eddie eat a muthafucka like spaghetti In the formation we ready, freebasin the competition for fetti Shoot your shit up like civil war Gettysburg (What if they hit us back?) Don't be absurd We put it down like a fat-ass crew of construction workers (Fuck with us now, nigga, there's gon' be a murder) And that's for certain, catch the muthafuckin curtain call Workin y'all, smokin big, hurtin y'all, Link 'Lawz serve em all Break a muthafucka off, soldier, raw dog Smother everything livin for the muthafuckin cause I'm a rebel without a pause A untouchable, better keep your paws off Or meet the sawed off We all balls, nigga, and all hog Westside till I die, rough, rugged (real raw, nigga) You might also like[ Chorus ]  [ VERSE 2: EDI Amin ] Now who the fuck want trouble Me and the 'Lawz bring the drama on the double Bustin out a bubble, gettin you for a bundle Stickin you in the trunk, too, fuck you You thought we wouldn't touch you? We rushed you EDI Amin died, I watch a young nigga rise up Born a fuckin rider, ain't gon' stop till I gotta Fuck coppers and the world, bang back till they feel us My freedom come with a mag, so they probably gon' kill us They only gon' hear us when we there heavy metal So take ( ? ) my niggas, we got a score to settle War games, but it really ain't a game Muthafuckas is sprayin, body parts hangin Gangbangin, turf wars or whatever you wanna call it We're all dyin for it  [ Chorus ]  [ VERSE 3: Young Noble ] Nob layin back in a Ac seat, blast my heat Watch theses niggas run like they in a track meet Smash my past beef, got blasted on the last street They all weak if you ask me Still a deuce slugger, Outlaw like a muthafucka Doubt y'all like a muthafucka You need to raise up Before you fuck around and get blazed up Before you fuck around and get chased up By some Jersey thugs, don't care who you thought or Heard we was, I murder your blood Or your next akin, hop out on your blcok In a stretch Benz, protect the neck your best friend Just to fuck with ya, you're hardcore, do your thug thizzle Nigga, these Outlaw streets, they love ( ? ) And Khadafi, cause niggas cock the hammers sloppy I'm there when y'all callin, ain't down without me Outlawz [ Chorus ]   [ VERSE 4: Kastro ] Hey yo, I don't play fair, warfare never been fair Make a giant non-violent, turn a bear to a queer This thug life we stuck with it, born, sick and tired And tired of bein sick, I'm torn and I ain't lyin In this deadly game of death could be no fun at all Sleepin on your feet, pistol deep against the wall Day one and day none is how I do it, do it all True and truer than y'all, yellin, "Fuck the law" ( ? ) where it's darker than a thousand nights Although we walkin under sun in a thousand lights Wantin a thousand stripes, findin a life of your own Livin ill or in prison alone on the bone It's a hard thing, sho' as hell ain't no card game It's all plain and all pain in this war gameEmbed;
Tough;Kurtis Blow;Hip-Hop;I don't want a lot, I want just enough So why has it got to be so damn tough? Livin' on the uptown side of jive Hustlin' a buck to stay alive Lookin' for a ten and they give your five Well it's tough You talk to the boss, the boss is gruff You ask for a raise and they call your bluff You may get some, but it's never enough Because it's tough  STRONG: Like a magnum force ROUGH: Like a new divorce MEAN: Like a three-time loser BAD: Like an L.A. cruiser DOWN: Like a limousine BLIND: Like a submarine HARD: Like cold concrete TOUGH: That's the rhythm of the beat  You hit the street and you look for work You don't want to be some welfare jerk But I wonder how you get to be Captain Kirk It's tough Now Kirk has a ship called the Enterprise He cuts the aliens down to size But I wonder what he'd do with the uptown guys They're tough You might also likeTOUGH: Try to get some cash When you're looking for a raise and they give you trash  ROUGH: When you got it like that And your woman's running 'round with a baseball bat  HARD: Try to play it cool When the girls all know you're an out of work fool  TOUGH: How it seems to be Wish I had somebody lookin' out for me  Try to find a lover if you dare Even if you do she just won't care Well no one ever said that that life is fair Because it's tough Saw a fine young lady the other day I started my rap, I had a lot to say But she said she was goin' with a C.P.A Now it's tough  STRONG: Like a superhero ROUGH:Like a bank book zero MEAN: Like the Oakland Raiders BAD: Like the Caped Crusaders DOWN: Like a homerun ball BLIND: Like an umpire's call HARD: Like a cruel deceit TOUGH: That's the rhythm of the beat You worked all year to buy a brand new car A Coupe de Ville or a Jaguar But you didn't make enough for a good cigar Because it's tough So you went to the bank to try to get a loan But the guy behind the desk had a heart of stone He said "You don't need a car, use the telephone!" It's tough  TOUGH: It's a way of life, lost your job Your money, but not your wife  ROUGH: Gettin' in the black, Uncle Sam's in your pocket And your woman's on your back  HARD: That's the deal, had to get a loan just to buy a meal  TOUGH: That's how it goes, when it's gettin' better, nobody knows  STRONG: Like Chocolate Thunder ROUGH: Like Stevie Wonder MEAN: Like Brucie The Shark BAD: Like the Raider's Ark DOWN: Like Sugar's Glove BLIND: Like a man in love HARD: Like a big defeat TOUGH: That's the rhythm of the beat TOUGH: That's the word, unemployment is all I heard ROUGH: When you start your day, watch the finance man tow your car away HARD: To hold a job when you've been replaced by a little blue knob TOUGH: Like a dollar steak, ain't someone ever gonna give me a break?  Tough.....Embed;
Street Rock;Kurtis Blow;Hip-Hop;I've indulged in higher knowledge, took scan of encyclopedia Keeping constant research of our reports in news media Kids starve in Ethiopia and we are gettin' greedier The rich are gettin' richer and the needy's gettin' needier  (Rock!) (The streets!) (Rock!) (The streets!) (Rock!) (The streets!) (Rock!) (The streets!)  Yes, yes, y'all I'm the best y'all  Yes, yes, y'all I'm the best y'all   Introducing to you, from the music affair You all prayed for a change so revelation is here, ha The battle of crusades and the Vietnam War Was only a start so now get ready for more We've been dancing on the streets upon stumbling blocks But now Bill Black's here to put it all to a stop Enthusiasm's your tuition, to listen's your ambition To rock the streets and funky beats is Bill Black's mission Creating funky beats that will cure the ill Here's a prescription for you, so go ahead, rip up your will Because he's the terminator, dead body cremator Intimating thugs who thought their cuts were greater He's the father of soul committing you to his goal With Kurtis Blow by his side, I will roll And when it comes to rap, you better pay your respect 'Cause I'm a [?] project Some call me Al Capone of eighties, Romeo of ladies Interpretates obfuscated rhymes to babies Expand the minds of young through books from libraries And teachin' them actual facts [?] Don't ask me to produce it, I refuse to induce it And knowledge of my rhymes, said when you don't use it [?] lock, all of my triggers are cocked And if you make the wrong move, consider your street rocked They held a gun to our head till we were moved to the top [?] and you got shot I can't take it no more, I'm not going for short Because I'm more qualified for a better resort I've been pushed, shoved, just a bit too much Now my fist is balled tight and my teeth are clutched I'm mad as hell, going to explode When you're hit by the debris, don't say that you weren't told You tried to bend my ego and break my pride Caused me to let out everything I used to hold inside You see, you stole my title, you thought I was hurt Now I'm mad as hell bustin' out of my shirt I just popped the chains and crashed out of the cage Now I'm a stark-raving lunatic on the rampage Got a mic in my palm, a 12-gauge in my arm The fire's already lit, too late to pull the alarm You want to back out now when you was winning at last Now I'm gonna make you feel my wrath, feel it! You might also like We took our choice of our weapons and you chose the knife You called me foolish then you laughed when I chose the mic Go ahead and sharpen your blade while I plug in the cord Goddamn, I proved the tongue is mightier than the sword Man, your game is through and your goose is cooked 'Cause I can read your mind, it's like a open book And your every move is in my control And you know I'm the winner deep down in your soul But you wanna play stubborn, that's why I'm pissed And now it's time for your face to get dissed You held me down for too long, now I'm calling your bluff Streets need to be rocked, they need to be rocked tough Streets have called my name for years, but now that I'm found Here is the ultimate chain to the hip-hop sound The duplicated, complicated, arranged so I can state it The modern-day technology, computer: isolate it Just me and Bill Black cold rockin' the street And pulling up the ground with the ultimate beat You better not stand still, get a move to that butt Don't need to spin on your head, do a casual strut Go move your body to a sound, [?] down With the bass drum you can hear for miles around We got our rap down pat and the beat by Black A little scratchin' on the side with a fresh handclap Turn the volume up loud, put the push in the bass Guarantee we're gonna turn out the place But if still seems like you can't party and your feet won't jump But you don't know how to dance to any kind of junk Your body moves side to side, then front to back That's the way your body moves to a beat by Black 'Cause it's the rhythm that he's given, you gotta go with him Regardless of your race, creed, color, or religion Come on, join in the fun, I want you all to get some Just as long as you can keep up with the pace of the drum The funky fresh will make you feel it, no longer we conceal it The beat has been on hold too long and now we must reveal it Don't stand in our way, no longer can we be stopped I'm tired of this mess, Black, I want these streets rocked! [Guitar solo]   I've indulged in higher knowledge, took scan of encyclopedia And keeping constant research of our reports in news media Kids starve in Ethiopia and we are gettin' greedier The rich are gettin' richer and the needy's gettin' needier   But all we do is talk about hunger and strife Tell me what did you to perfect your life? You hang on street corners, juggle reputation and game When you're dead or in jail, there's no one that you can blame Because you're the instigator, family separator Your friends don't even wanna be bothered 'cause you're a traitor But I'm not tryna talk you off of that street corner 'Cause a man won't do what a man don't wanna But summer's around, I think you better beware Of a happening that occurs this time of the year It's a thumpin' that beats deep down in your heart It's a craving that can even rip your soul apart And it's the urge that raves throughout the street Make everyone jump wild and lose control of their feet Something that beams through the rain, through the sun and the sky It's microscopic, it cannot be seen by your naked eye Unconscious thought, taking control of your body Now you ought to be jumpin' at a jam-packed party With your big butt shakin', I know it shows You lose control of your head, arms, legs, and your toes You got your beatbox blastin' and now you're in shock Because the ground beneath your feet has all crumbled to rock You take control of yourself, soon as the music stops And realize you've been hit by the beat of Street Rock! [Outro] (Rock!) The rich are gettin' richer (The streets!) The rich are gettin' richer (Rock!) Kids starve in Ethiopia and we are gettin' greedier (The streets!) (Rock!) (The streets!) Kids starve in Ethiopia (Rock!) (The streets!) The rich are gettin' richer The rich are gettin' richer (Rock!) I've indulged in higher knowledge (The streets!) The rich are gettin' richerEmbed;
Back By Popular Demand;Kurtis Blow;Hip-Hop;Uh, Top of the mornin', it's very important, we pour up a four after snorin' I get the top and she wanna record it, I never say, "No", that's boring I pop the molly pill for real, in thirty-five minutes, we soarin' Geeked up, my teeth twitchering gums, I'm one of them ones I need a son, I'm tired of teaching these niggas who ain't my seed I know I'm blood, but I get head instead whenever you bleed Top of the mornin', babygirl, get up, get out my house This the crib of dreams, millionaires sleep on my couch All we really got is us, lil' brother, we all we need Play yo' part, we'll reign supreme, just follow in my lead (Uh) I think these nigga scared of us, brother, they gon' meet they maker In Jamaica, twenty-some years old with twenty hoes, it's perfect Had a purpose, since I bless the surface, obviously I'm worth it When I'm workin', don't distract the process, let the master focus Pay attention, all them dish out bullshit, every word is bogus You hear me brother? I know you knew that already, I knew you know this Still with Play-In, it's ours, show me how you sew it How you gon' spend all yo' M's when it's yo' time? I'm curious How I up eight whips, three cribs, four M's, and ice, and I'm broke? That shit got me furious, niggas could be so dumb Too meticulous, all my hoes write my name on they toes I'm not ridiculous, very superstitious, all my cars updated Sipped a sixth, now I feel sedated, I think my hoes related Out in Vegas with my OG, we finna blow a baby Spent the average amount it cost to raise a child on a Mercedes (Damn) You might also like[Verse 2: Draft Day & Lil Yachty] Well, yeah, I'm back again (Damn) I done took so many losses, took that shit right on the chin Now they see the tables turn, bet he touch a M&M You know that boy Draft gon' make it jump, straight up out the gym From the concrete to the league, this shit came within Been hittin' hoes out my league way before I hit the scene I was just a teen, but my mind was stuck on getting cream Can't get caught up in this shit Whatever I want, you know I'ma go get it then If I can't get you, I'ma get yo' twin All these guns fit, they gon' switch like a audible I got plays for days so you know I can keep on calling 'em Fuck the ones that doubted, bet I'm richer than all of 'em On my momma them, been knew I'd be a problem By popular demand, I'm back on sand (Boot) None of my dawgs are folded, geeked up off 2C-B (Geeked) Off a Ecs and RP's, if he miss, 'cause he can't see (Brr) I'm too rich to hop in that van, Get-Back-Gang got me My ex new nigga on my dick, is he broke? Probably I'm getting guap, might put that Wockesha in the Wasabi Who beside me? Same niggas beside me since I wasn't cocky Seen his lil' bitch snort a line, longer than Apaki Last weekend, everything was purple, like my name Rocky (Yee) Concrete Boys (Yee) man they know it's us, Double-O Gang (Yee) Middle of the summer, I'm pullin' up in a Hummer, catch me at no signal (Bee) Heard he had Wock' but didn't have seals, give a fuck 'bout deals Despot supply my thrills, my brother for real Bun B, Pimp C, imma keep it trill (Us) Don P up in my glass, it's 'posed to bubble In the booth and in the field I scored a double-double Spent fifty, feeling like Kurtis, the hunnids blue like smurfs Yeah I'm boss ass nigga, oh I know my worth Spanish bitch she flirt, want me to choose her first Popped a X, now she wanna rock like Uzi Vert Gangster grills, my teeth shining, I ain't gotta floss [Outro: Draft Day] Us1Embed;
Let's Move It - Less Hate and Valentina Black Discomix;Kurtis Blow;Hip-Hop;Uh, Top of the mornin', it's very important, we pour up a four after snorin' I get the top and she wanna record it, I never say, "No", that's boring I pop the molly pill for real, in thirty-five minutes, we soarin' Geeked up, my teeth twitchering gums, I'm one of them ones I need a son, I'm tired of teaching these niggas who ain't my seed I know I'm blood, but I get head instead whenever you bleed Top of the mornin', babygirl, get up, get out my house This the crib of dreams, millionaires sleep on my couch All we really got is us, lil' brother, we all we need Play yo' part, we'll reign supreme, just follow in my lead (Uh) I think these nigga scared of us, brother, they gon' meet they maker In Jamaica, twenty-some years old with twenty hoes, it's perfect Had a purpose, since I bless the surface, obviously I'm worth it When I'm workin', don't distract the process, let the master focus Pay attention, all them dish out bullshit, every word is bogus You hear me brother? I know you knew that already, I knew you know this Still with Play-In, it's ours, show me how you sew it How you gon' spend all yo' M's when it's yo' time? I'm curious How I up eight whips, three cribs, four M's, and ice, and I'm broke? That shit got me furious, niggas could be so dumb Too meticulous, all my hoes write my name on they toes I'm not ridiculous, very superstitious, all my cars updated Sipped a sixth, now I feel sedated, I think my hoes related Out in Vegas with my OG, we finna blow a baby Spent the average amount it cost to raise a child on a Mercedes (Damn) You might also like[Verse 2: Draft Day & Lil Yachty] Well, yeah, I'm back again (Damn) I done took so many losses, took that shit right on the chin Now they see the tables turn, bet he touch a M&M You know that boy Draft gon' make it jump, straight up out the gym From the concrete to the league, this shit came within Been hittin' hoes out my league way before I hit the scene I was just a teen, but my mind was stuck on getting cream Can't get caught up in this shit Whatever I want, you know I'ma go get it then If I can't get you, I'ma get yo' twin All these guns fit, they gon' switch like a audible I got plays for days so you know I can keep on calling 'em Fuck the ones that doubted, bet I'm richer than all of 'em On my momma them, been knew I'd be a problem By popular demand, I'm back on sand (Boot) None of my dawgs are folded, geeked up off 2C-B (Geeked) Off a Ecs and RP's, if he miss, 'cause he can't see (Brr) I'm too rich to hop in that van, Get-Back-Gang got me My ex new nigga on my dick, is he broke? Probably I'm getting guap, might put that Wockesha in the Wasabi Who beside me? Same niggas beside me since I wasn't cocky Seen his lil' bitch snort a line, longer than Apaki Last weekend, everything was purple, like my name Rocky (Yee) Concrete Boys (Yee) man they know it's us, Double-O Gang (Yee) Middle of the summer, I'm pullin' up in a Hummer, catch me at no signal (Bee) Heard he had Wock' but didn't have seals, give a fuck 'bout deals Despot supply my thrills, my brother for real Bun B, Pimp C, imma keep it trill (Us) Don P up in my glass, it's 'posed to bubble In the booth and in the field I scored a double-double Spent fifty, feeling like Kurtis, the hunnids blue like smurfs Yeah I'm boss ass nigga, oh I know my worth Spanish bitch she flirt, want me to choose her first Popped a X, now she wanna rock like Uzi Vert Gangster grills, my teeth shining, I ain't gotta floss [Outro: Draft Day] Us1Embed;
All I Want In This World (Is To Find That Girl);Kurtis Blow;Hip-Hop;A cute one, a shy one A slim one, a sly one A big one, a small one A real off-the-wall one All I want in this world is to find that girl A long one, a lean one A just-in-between one A short one, a tall one An any-at-all one All I want in this world is to find that girl Oh yeah  [Verse] I've searched this wide world over Tryin' to find someone From New York to California On a journey that's only begun I've been from Maine to Memphis The Motor City to LA And you might think I get discouraged But I know that I'll find her some day   A cute one, a shy one A slim one, a sly one A big one, a small one A real off-the-wall one All I want in this world is to find that girl A long one, a lean one A just-in-between one A short one, a tall one An any-at-all one All I want in this world is to find that girl Oh yeah baby You might also like[Bridge] Girl, I know you're out there somewhere And there's one thing I want you to know I believe that for every man there's a girl And you're the girl for me And I know it may take a long, long time But I'm gonna keep right on tryin' Because you just never ever really know You may be half-way 'round the world Or you may, you may be right here, right here tonight   A cute one, a shy one A slim one, a sly one A big one, a small one A real off-the-wall one All I want in this world is to find that girl A long one, a lean one A just-in-between one A short one, a tall one An any-at-all one All I want in this world is to find that girl  [Outro] That girl That girl That girlEmbed;
Unity Party Jam;Kurtis Blow;Hip-Hop;A cute one, a shy one A slim one, a sly one A big one, a small one A real off-the-wall one All I want in this world is to find that girl A long one, a lean one A just-in-between one A short one, a tall one An any-at-all one All I want in this world is to find that girl Oh yeah  [Verse] I've searched this wide world over Tryin' to find someone From New York to California On a journey that's only begun I've been from Maine to Memphis The Motor City to LA And you might think I get discouraged But I know that I'll find her some day   A cute one, a shy one A slim one, a sly one A big one, a small one A real off-the-wall one All I want in this world is to find that girl A long one, a lean one A just-in-between one A short one, a tall one An any-at-all one All I want in this world is to find that girl Oh yeah baby You might also like[Bridge] Girl, I know you're out there somewhere And there's one thing I want you to know I believe that for every man there's a girl And you're the girl for me And I know it may take a long, long time But I'm gonna keep right on tryin' Because you just never ever really know You may be half-way 'round the world Or you may, you may be right here, right here tonight   A cute one, a shy one A slim one, a sly one A big one, a small one A real off-the-wall one All I want in this world is to find that girl A long one, a lean one A just-in-between one A short one, a tall one An any-at-all one All I want in this world is to find that girl  [Outro] That girl That girl That girlEmbed;
Save Me;Kurtis Blow;Hip-Hop;Haute is the livin', Coca-Cola's the sponsor (Woo) I run up with your boo, uh, Hov is a monster (Oh) Yeah, uh, they like me like that Every girl I see wanna be wifey like that I'm the King of Zamunda, uh, King of the Summer (Woo) Come be my Kardashian, queen of the come up Uh, to be loved, Shakespearean Experience to be us Jumpin' off boats, hoppin' off another cliff (Woo) Every six months, I think I need a new bucket list (Oh) Yeah, I think I might need a harem (Say, say) I'm way too much, y'all should share 'em (Hands in the air) I'm feeling like a baron, all I need is a castle Be my Halle Berry, all you need is a catsuit All I need is Heaven, I don't want the hassle God bless the child that can hold his own, achoo (Queens, stand up)  [Verse 2: Nas & Swizz Beatz] My instincts guide me through this Kurtis Blow culture (Woo) Good angel, bad angel sittin' on both shoulders (Uh) One be trying to gas me, manipulate me, tempt me (Ow) Make me have no soul, so I like to take a tally All the favor of the days when the paper wasn't major But love was abundant Before the God got the "God's Son" upon the stomach Let these niggas know it was a feeling I would get From music that they would come with (Talk to 'em, Nas) Hate start with H 'cause the H come after a G (Right) They won't say it face to face, they say it after I leave After the first night at my place, she asked for the keys It's my season, Garden of Eden, we Adam and Eve Now we're naked in savage hedonism from a lack of belief I ain't a pastor, pass the Lafite We ain't in no relationship, but do relationship things No ring, but she slide through when I ring (Hands in the air) Ha, let's put success to the side I'd still be this fly if I worked at Popeyes That's a whole lotta spinach, whole game full of gimmicks Make a fool out of yourself for a post on Akademiks We are not the same, I am a alien Hovering over your city, shutting down all the stadiums Wiping out everything in my radius Don't play with us, y'all ain't made enough You might also like[Verse 3: DMX] Shit pop off, we don't blow it up 'til we blow it up Cats better slow it up, y'all niggas know what's up My niggas throw it up, we all know that Got niggas missing in action, where are they at? See you niggas never really been duffed out But you've got enough mouth to get snuffed out Duke, the rough route We don't play around here, nigga, we grown Start applying the pressure, give a dog a bone I'm taking half, it's just that simple Or I can start poppin' niggas like pimples I'ma let you call it, you ballin' 'Til you get hit with them hot things, now you staggerin' and fallin' Holding up the wall, you got more than enough holes in you to fall You're just wasting a nigga time, come on, man I got shit to do like hit your crew Might hit your crib, what that bitch gon' do? Not a damn thing, but go with the program Beast on that bitch like Conan'bo-nan I'ma go where no man has ever gone, nigga When it's on, it's on, I'll let you know in a fuckin' song I got nothing to hide, but you got a reason to run Come through like (*gunshots*) 'til the squeezin' is done And that's just squeezing one, imagine if we all let go And turn your whole block into death row (Woo)8Embed;
Only The Strong Survive;Kurtis Blow;Hip-Hop; [Intro: Lebo] Yeah, Ay man, I can remember we was all Sittin in front of the homie's apartment Bangin The Fat Boys, Jail wit no bail, Man And stick em, Those was some classics, Man How bout these though  [Verse 1: Lebo] It's the R-A-To the K-I-Am If I wasn't, Then why would I say I am? Microphone fiend, Eric B. for prez I used to slum my blaster till my batteries went dead All ravishing I impress See courageous or care less K for the kangols that I got That I wear everyday cause why is why not Slick Rick and Doug E. Fresh La di da di, That {shit} was the mess Heels, Tall Bikini, Small, She says she likes the ocean I used to reenact that video wit the homeboys Movin my hands to that particular slogan I'm bad, Ladies Love Cool James Run-D.M.C. and Jam Master Jay Uh You might also like[Sevin] That's right, Negro Gotta educate these cats, Ya know Seems like they forgot it's that feel good music It's music 101, Ya know It's our culture My nigga just gave you a little bit of hip-hop history I'ma go head and bring it through the vocal section  [Verse 2: Sevin] Uh, Uh, This is somethin like The Temptations memories Or Ray Charles blessing us wit visions through his melodies Stephanie Mills, Brought us through it wit her eternal love And Keith Sweat taught us what makin it last forever was The skys are breakin, These times and days As if we somehow lost that lovin feelin for Issac Hayes I pray everyday some way we bring it back alive And maybe get one more chance wit the Jackson 5 Al Green made the people stand up in every club And what I felt for Sad' was no ordinary love Marvin got us through the inner city blues from dark streets And you got it crackin with a bad one to the Isleys Wit so much passion, That you skip Five Heartbeats Jimi Hendrix was like a trance And Chaka taught us life's a dance Bill Withers bought us through the lonely towns and lonely streets But Stevie Wonder kept us feelin overjoyed and so at peace [Lebo] That's right, Sevin  [Sevin] You know that  [Lebo] It's an easy thang  [Sevin] Sho is, My nigga  [Lebo] Driftin down memory lane We love to do that Light weight reminiscing Ah huh  [Sevin] Take 'em back one more time, Lebo Take 'em back through that hip hop thang  [Verse 3: Lebo] I had the shelltoes wit no shoestrings Bang Kurtis Blow's song, It's called survival Only the strong will survive That was Grandmaster Flash & The Furious Five KRS and BDP, UTFO, And EPMD Big Daddy Kane, Flavor Flav, And Chuck D My uzi weighs a ton, Public Enemy [Outro: Sevin] Forever my lady Back, Back, Forth, Forth [Rest in peace to Aaliyah] You just a girlfriend [Y'all remember true?] Seems like yesterday I can lick you up and down till you say stop Because you give me love, love, love, love, crazy loveEmbed;
Stay Strong;Kurtis Blow;Hip-Hop;Uh Yeah Uh (One-two, one-two, one-two, ya'll) (Uh) Uh, yeah Uh (Mafia) Yo, yo, yo, yo  [Verse 1: Lil' Cease] It's Lil Cease nigga About to blow charm like pop In the Benz drop I'm hot, you're not Pedal to the floor Four-fifth, guard my watch I'm the nigga you're bitch love to clock Be the artist stand [?], gettin head in the lot Outside of Justin's, in the parking lot Peep the feds on the low, in the darkest spot Like Jigga, my lifestyle is just hard to knock A nigga with more juice than 2Pac My crew moves spots Three for my niggas in the yard in the box Commissary, zip-call, all a nigga got I'm a ball till I fall Land on acres Get this paper Slide like Don Juan at Gators If ya feel me on this Then my words will save ya If ya wanna talk to me, nigga talk paper Chips, fuck 'em I want potatoes, now fuck later You might also like[Chorus: Puff Daddy] We won't stop, till you niggas come and stick me and I don't stop Till you haters rock wit me and I won't stop Till I'm dead here wit fifty and we don't stop We won't stop And we don't stop You know who run the city and we don't stop Till my dogs rock for Biggie and we don't stop Till the feds come and get me and we won't stop We don't stop  [Verse 2: Lil' Cease] Uh, Yo, yo, yo All a nigga need is One shot, one brick Four niggas and four clips Mo thugs and four-fifths We car-jacked a few whips Apartment on the hot strip Feds come, we lose it Pissy off of party and bullshit Till we max out If it's beef then act out, (Nigga) So fuck all ya'll cats wit ya ass out Yappin bout ya crackhouse Creepin on the low C-Gutter tear his back out I ain't scared a ya'll Trust me, ya'll ain't ready Need to bring ya bitch Cause she more heavy than metal My guns rock steady The more the merry Niggas hall ass, break fast like Mob Berry (that's right) Before I land three like Dell Curry (that's real) I'm tryna blow like Kurtis All that shit you doing, is makin me nervous Nervous, join the service That paranoid shit could hurt us Kill us Down to D.I.E. for B.I., nigga's reality You wanna battle nigga, bring ya large salary And ya whole team to tackle me, nigga You be the last to fuck after me Money L, D-Rock Niggas ain't fuckin wit me [Chorus: Puff Daddy] We won't stop, till you niggas come and stick me and I don't stop Till you haters rock wit me and I won't stop Till I'm dead here wit fifty and we don't stop We won't stop And we don't stop You know who run the city and we don't stop Till my dogs rock for Biggie and we don't stop Till the feds come and get me and we won't stop (Yo, yo) We don't stop (Yo)  [Verse 3: Lil' Cease] I'ma switch hits on niggas Drop hits on niggas Switch V's on niggas Platinum to the quadrup on niggas Two to the point to the five on niggas Roll hard with the wildest niggas In the cut, we can't find us niggas Livest niggas Ice be shinin niggas Blindin niggas In the four point six, reclining niggas Bitches like "damn, I got to find this nigga" If your figure seven digits, got to dial this nigga And you know I'm on top, you gotta watch me nigga And my dogs shoot the ball till you foul me nigga And when the beefs on, you gon' drown, my nigga I'ma ride for real and wish death to the fake ones This is for my niggas that was down since day one, that bid long Hang in and hang on Hold ya head and stay strong, my niggas [Chorus: Puff Daddy] We won't stop, till you niggas come and stick me and I don't stop Till you haters rock wit me and I won't stop Till I'm dead here wit fifty and we don't stop We won't stop And we don't stop You know who run the city and we don't stop Till my dogs rock for Biggie and we don't stop Till the feds come and get me and we won't stop We don't stop We won't stop, till you niggas come and stick me and I don't stop Till you haters rock wit me and I won't stop Till I'm dead here wit fifty and we don't stop We won't stop And we don't stop You know who run the city and we don't stop Till my dogs rock for Biggie and we don't stop Till the feds come and get me and we won't stopEmbed;
Just Do It;Kurtis Blow;Hip-Hop;Clap your hands everybody If you got what it takes 'Cause I'm Kurtis Blow and I want you to know That these are the breaks  [Hook 1] Brakes on a bus, brakes on a car Breaks to make you a superstar Breaks to win and breaks to lose But these here breaks will rock your shoes And these are the breaks Break it up, break it up, break it up!   If your woman steps out with another man (That's the breaks, that's the breaks!) And she runs off with him to Japan (That's the breaks, that's the breaks!) And the IRS says they want to chat (That's the breaks, that's the breaks!) And you can't explain why you claimed your cat (That's the breaks, that's the breaks!) And Ma Bell sends you a whopping bill (That's the breaks, that's the breaks!) With 18 phone calls to Brazil (That's the breaks, that's the breaks!) And you borrowed money from the mob (That's the breaks, that's the breaks!) And yesterday you lost your job (That's the breaks, that's the breaks!) Well, these are the breaks Break it up, break it up, break it up You might also like[Bridge 1] Throw your hands up in the sky And wave 'em round from side to side And if you deserve a break tonight Somebody say alright! (All right) Say ho-oo! (Ho-oo!) You don't stop Keep on, somebody scream! (Owwwww!) Break down!  [Hook 2] Breaks on a stage, breaks on a screen Breaks to make your wallet lean Breaks run cold and breaks run hot Some folks got 'em and some have not But these are the breaks Break it up, break it up, break it up Break down!  [Bridge 2] To the girl in brown, stop messing around (Break it up, break it up!) To the guy in blue, whatcha gonna do? (Break it up, break it up!) And to the girl in green, don't be so mean (Break it up, break it up!) And the guy in red, say what I said (Break it up, break it up!) Break down! [Hook 3] Brakes on a plane, brakes on a train Breaks to make you go insane Breaks in love, breaks in war But we got the breaks to get you on the floor And these are the breaks Break it up, break it up, break it up Break down! Yo!  [Interlude] Just do it, just do it, just do it, do it, do it! Just do it, just do it, just do it, do it, do it! Just do it, just do it, just do it, do it, do it! Just do it, just do it, just do it, do it, do it!   You say last week you met the perfect guy (That's the breaks, that's the breaks!) And he promised you the stars in the sky (That's the breaks, that's the breaks!) He said his Cadillac was gold (That's the breaks, that's the breaks!) But he didn't say it was 10 years old (That's the breaks, that's the breaks!) He took you out to the Red Coach grill (That's the breaks, that's the breaks!) But he forgot the cash and you paid the bill (That's the breaks, that's the breaks!) And he told you the story of his life (That's the breaks, that's the breaks!) But he forgot the part about... his wife! Huh! Huh! (That's the breaks, that's the breaks!) Well, these are the breaks! Break it up, break it up, break it up! Break down!11Embed;
The Bronx;Kurtis Blow;Hip-Hop;Wait a minute, wait a minute! Rolling over the crest of the hill like a jet-propelled job comes Kurt-Kurt-Kurtis Blow  Our parties are def and the girlies are pretty In the boogie-down Bronx town in New York City Like the sun will shine in the summertime I don't do no crimes 'cause I just rhyme I drive a Benz and I got a lot of friends Up on the Concourse where Tremont ends Or Jerome Avenue or Gun Hill Road The place where rap started in the days of old Called the Bronx The Bronx The Bronx  Hey Moe! I have the power Coitainly! Bronx Bronx Bronx Bronx Bronx I have the power Coitainly! Bronx You might also likeThe Bronx is the place where the Yankees play We fans have the fever to the break of day In '76 we used to have big fun Chilling at the Club 371 Blacks, Puerto Ricans, Italians, and Jews Bronx River Casanovas and the Ninth Crew The Bronx is the place where I reside I'll be a Bronx boy till the day I die It's called the Bronx The Bronx The Bronx   Lotta ducks out in the pond Ducks sure take to the water like, uh, ducks! Hey! What's going on here? Suddenly I'm swinging in the air with a rope Around my foot!Embed;
I'm True To This;Kurtis Blow;Hip-Hop;What'll you do if there comes a day when I lose my way? What will you do? Oh I would stand by you (Word?) Pray for you (Oh yeah?) If it would help I'd even die for you  [Verse 1: SOS] I spent too many nights drowned in seclusion Over against my own will, surrounded by illusions Fighting to stay positive, however losing Cause my personality was founded on the conclusion that The human heart does more than just pump blood It pumps love, at least I know that mine did once But a large piece of it was undone And washed away by painful rains but when the sun comes Scars heal and we learn from our mistakes Some people sometimes their purpose is to hate But be certain of your faith and you'll acquire the ability To expose witches and burn them at the stake I'm looking for love, I'm done searching for a date I've been alone for years, but it's worth it if you wait Personally, late's better than never at all So when I brush myself off, whenever I fall, tell me What'll you do.. [Hook] See CunninLynguists LiveGet tickets as low as $160You might also like[Verse 2: SOS] Oh yeah? That's what the last one said Unfortunately I was mad misled I ran on E til no more gas was left The most I got from her was ass and bread But trust was lost like Kanye's fashion sense Accidents happen when you live with the weak But it's not an accident when you make a conscious decision to cheat That's enough reason to get into beef Throw all your spouse's shit on the street, quit & retreat But these are the breaks as told by Kurtis Blow So please for my sake, stay by me, this earth is cold And I'm freezing like I've been lying in dirt and snow I've searched the globe for a person who knows The true meaning of love, you could be the one If you mean what you say we could link up And use what we learned from our exes in the past But wait cause I got another question to ask and that's'  [Hook]  [Verse 3: SOS] Sounds good and if you mean it, I'll hook up with you this evening Hug your body squeezing your love while I feed it The touch of a king when you're my queen And trust is the the key in every relationship But other human beings who see in may try to rush up for no reason But looks can be deceiving Like books you never read and only judge by the cover art So don't let it crush your heart when they try to use jealousy to pull our love apart That's when the thunder starts followed by the rain But the first line of this song already explained That my arteries were drained, now all of me is tame So stay beside me cause I don't wanna be estranged Two warm bodies on a page As soon as time found them they were saved And still lay there to this day But if this should ever change And if I ever lose my way Just stay and I'mma do the same [Hook]4Embed;
Before I Was Born;Kurtis Blow;Hip-Hop;I'll elaborate, shoes didn't have a lace When I gravitate, Benny used to fascinate I sat amazed, brain movin' at a faster pace This match was made before I learned to scratch the plate I'm into Rakim, Big Daddy Kane and Masta Ace Chuck D, Kool G. Rap just to name some greats I was always Wait a minute. Bring it back Sometimes I'd rather stay back when they used to activate I'll elaborate, shoes didn't have a lace When I gravitate, Benny used to fascinate I sat amazed, brain movin' at a faster pace This match was made before I learned to scratch the plate I'm into Rakim, Big Daddy Kane and Masta Ace Chuck D, Kool G. Rap just to name some greats I was always quotin' the lines that would decapitate The world had to make place so I'd have a space Born the year after Kurtis Blow dropped "The Breaks" This was at the time when Blodie's "Rapture" came to pave Treacherous Three and Busy B at your face The classic taste Spoonie G and Flash with crates It's been two years of complains, raps a waste It won't last And it'll just evaporate While I'm I'll at the age of spittin' that Patty Cake Till it was Soul Train every single Saturday People said, "From the street, you won't never graduate." They comin' from the bad terrain you scatterbrain We sorry and ashamed to even exaggerate These crabs remain to advocate When the crowd gathers late I don't play like the Cabaret They gravitate Tours full capacity I crash the stage and no one can evacuate But rap today is still in the stage of masquerade To me it's clear as a screen at a matinee They tell me, "That's okay Bury the hatchet frame." While I sat and prayed I wasn't such a castaway Naturally, if you really want to clash with J it's tragedy No longer can procrastinate These rattlesnakes happily are after me But I practiced labor skills to catch my prey You fabricate, I'm no Saint as Latter Day But apathy is just something to congratulate And that's my case So rapidly latch your gates Evaporate over beats that'll bash your face And gradually I watch rap dilapidate So many fake ass tracks made A lack in faith when raps such a massive state Mad patch of brave cats and causalities But I'm gonna tackle states Make it their last parade They have to pay for decayin' the anatomy Of hip hopYou might also likeEmbed;
Sunshine;Kurtis Blow;Hip-Hop;When the guys get fly and the girls look fresh The time of year when the atmosphere Sets the trend with the warmth of air The skies are bright, the temperature's right I play basketball and I watch the fights I step out my house, take a breath, and stare Can't you feel it, baby doll, summertime's in the air?  Since school is out, it's time to rock Turn on your stereo, turn up your beatbox But the parks, the beach, the city streets Everywhere you go, you can hear the beat Of me, Kurtis Blow, in the summer glow And I'm fully equipped with my MC show So if you get bored, don't know what to do Turn your radio on and I'll tell you To get into the groove, no time to waste You see, all of the year, there's only a taste You see, life in the city can even be pretty But those who sleep, ain't that a pity? You gotta wake up 'cause you're missing the fun If you know what I know, you've got to have some So get it while it's hot, get it while it's here Summertime comes once a year You might also likeZip-a-dee-doo-dah, zip-a-dee-ay My oh my what a wonderful day Plenty of sunshine heading my way Zip-a-dee-doo-dah, zip-a-dee-ay  You know what I'm saying? Chill out Get funky with the music Hit it! Oh yea, if you meet any fly girls this summer Tell 'em like...  She'll be coming around the mountain When she comes, when she comes She'll be coming around the mountain When she comes, when she comes She'll be coming around the mountain When she comes, when she comes She'll be coming around the mountain She'll be coming around the mountain When she comes, when she comes  She'll be riding one black horsy When she comes, when she comes She'll be riding one black horsy When she comes, when she comes She'll be riding one black horsy When she comes, when she comes She'll be riding one black horsy She'll be riding one black horsy When she comes, when she comesEmbed;
Kingdom Blow;Kurtis Blow;Hip-Hop;Kurtis Blow  Ahh, yes!  *cut and scratched* Up in the Bronx   What's up y'all? How y'all been doin'? It's Kurt Blow and I just flew in To let you know that I'm still number one I did my job and my job is done But sucker MCs are out there frontin' Call themselves the kings but they really ain't nothin' I caught them perpetratin' at my show Tryin' to chill out in the front row  *cut and scratched* That's right y'all, his name is (Kurtis Blow)   We all know James is the king of soul Chuck Berry is the king of rock 'n roll I got to say that the Duke is the king of the swing And when it comes to rap, Kurtis Blow is the king But sucker MCs committin' a crime If you don't all hail when I say this rhyme When I was busy flushin' rappers down the train They were still playin' with choo-choo trains (Choo what?) You might also likeYou understand what I'm sayin'? Yo!  *cut and scratched* Yo! Save your love for number one y'all  *cut and scratched* So why does it got to be so damn tough?Embed;
Kurtis Blow Live at the Apollo Daydreaming;Tommy T;Hip-Hop;Kurtis Blow  Ahh, yes!  *cut and scratched* Up in the Bronx   What's up y'all? How y'all been doin'? It's Kurt Blow and I just flew in To let you know that I'm still number one I did my job and my job is done But sucker MCs are out there frontin' Call themselves the kings but they really ain't nothin' I caught them perpetratin' at my show Tryin' to chill out in the front row  *cut and scratched* That's right y'all, his name is (Kurtis Blow)   We all know James is the king of soul Chuck Berry is the king of rock 'n roll I got to say that the Duke is the king of the swing And when it comes to rap, Kurtis Blow is the king But sucker MCs committin' a crime If you don't all hail when I say this rhyme When I was busy flushin' rappers down the train They were still playin' with choo-choo trains (Choo what?) You might also likeYou understand what I'm sayin'? Yo!  *cut and scratched* Yo! Save your love for number one y'all  *cut and scratched* So why does it got to be so damn tough?Embed;
I'm Tired;Kurtis Blow;Hip-Hop;Man, uh Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy Shit, man, huh, groovy Sock it to me, shit Yeehee  [Verse 1: Jay Worthy] Cocaine stain on the cellophane Open toed shoes in the rain, she still do her thang Twenty-four hour diner with coffee, playing Coltrane I let her hit the bag, she make the blade look like the runway She always talking Paris, I'm like "Baby, maybe one day" Or Spain, I would like to do it all but it's a cold game Smile so perfect, you would think she work for Colgate I know it's 6 AM but for a thousand, need another day She tired, I understand, I'm tired too, but these are the [?] Kurtis Blow said it in the '80s, make no mistake Rain jacket smelling like Newports and a half a eighth I order another coffee and vanilla piece of pound cake Hear a purse clinging, heels clicking, make the ground shake Driver pick us up around the corner, off of Broadway Lady of the night, do it right, all in broad day Hundreds falling out of every pocket in the hallway  [Chorus: Larry June] Now, hold on sweetie You too near me not to hear me Looking like a basket of love Baby, you know I want it, want it Yeah, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy I like 'em lowkey, I like 'em slim thick I love it how them Air Max match your outfit How you doing, love? You my top pick Let's go hiking, bitch, let's make a lot of chips You might also like[Verse 2: Larry June] 1987 all gray, love, I'm on my way Half Moon Bay, champagne, it's that type of day Take my time with it, spend a little, but put more away I know you kinda sleepy, but for a thousand, shit, we need that date Turned the Renegade to full gold, took me two days Had her on the 1, switching lanes, rolling hella j's Took her to my crib, she was amazed, I whipped up a steak Secret location in Las Vegas, I got the play My cheese on fire, at [?], bitch, I spent eighty I killed her with the swag and this brand new Chanel fragrance Light a couple candles, orange juice and a lil' bagel Put the Rollie up for a minute, then I kept it simple  [Chorus: Larry June] How you doing, baby? What you here for tonight? You doing good Sock it to me Baby, you know I want it, want it (Uh, groovy, shit) Yeah, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy (Man, yeehee) I like 'em lowkey, I like 'em slim thick I love it how them Air Max match your outfit How you doing, love? You my top pick Let's go hiking, bitch, let's make a lot of chips [Outro: Larry June] I'm not here for the bullshit, baby I'm here for the whole grip Sock it to me, uhEmbed;
Choices;Mason;Hip-Hop;When the darkness fills up the sky You never know what you're gonna find They talk of squinted eyes in the star covered night But they never know what they're gonna find   It's not coming for you, believe this You want to go run and hide but resist It's not coming for you, believe this Monsters eat bricks, monsters eat bricks   The nightlight competes with the dark But when it's off they still see where you are Laying awake in your bedroom You really think that that blanket protects you? Your human flesh is so wet and flavorless Your blood and skin don't compare to the taste of bricks Lay there my love and lay with ease You are second choice to some good old masonry   It's not coming for you, believe this You want to go run and hide but resist It's not coming for you, believe this Monsters eat bricks, monsters eat bricksYou might also likeEmbed;
